<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=UTF-8"/>
<title>Hymn 0013</title>
<link href='../stylesheet.css' rel='stylesheet' type='text/css'/>
</head>
<body>
<div style='text-align:center'>
<a href='0012.xhtml' class='hidden_a'><b> &lt; </b></a>
<a href='../nav/nav_0000.xhtml' class='hidden_a'>
E<b>13</b> C<b>6</b> K<b>6</b> S<b>8</b>
</a>
 <a href='0014.xhtml' class='hidden_a'><b> &gt; </b></a>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>1</b> Thou art love and Thou art light, Lord,</div>
<div class='line'>In the Son as life Thou art;</div>
<div class='line'>Love expressing, light illum'ning,</div>
<div class='line'>Thou dost life to us impart.</div>
</div>
<div class='chorus'>
<div class='line'>Thou art love! Thou art light!</div>
<div class='line'>In the Son as life Thou art;</div>
<div class='line'>Love expressing, light illum'ning</div>
<div class='line'>Thou dost life to us impart.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>2</b> Love bespeaks Thy very being,</div>
<div class='line'>What Thou dost is shown by light;</div>
<div class='line'>Love is inward, light is outward,</div>
<div class='line'>Love accompanies the light.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>3</b> Love by grace is manifested,</div>
<div class='line'>And the light by truth is shown;</div>
<div class='line'>By Thy love we may enjoy Thee;</div>
<div class='line'>By Thy light Thou, Lord, art known.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>4</b> Thru Thy love, which led to Calvary,</div>
<div class='line'>We receive the life of God;</div>
<div class='line'>Light our understanding opens,</div>
<div class='line'>That we may apply the blood.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>5</b> Thru Thy love, as life Thou enter'st</div>
<div class='line'>Fellowship with Thee to give;</div>
<div class='line'>Thru Thy light we take Thy cleansing</div>
<div class='line'>And in fellowship may live.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>6</b> By the light and blood which cleanses,</div>
<div class='line'>The anointing we shall know;</div>
<div class='line'>Then the life of love Thine essence,</div>
<div class='line'>More and more in us will flow.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>7</b> By Thy love we are Thy children,</div>
<div class='line'>Abba Father calling Thee;</div>
<div class='line'>Light disperses all our darkness,</div>
<div class='line'>Till, like Him, Thy Son, we see.</div>
</div>
<div class='chorus'>
<div class='line'>O what grace! O what truth!</div>
<div class='line'>Love is seen and light is shown!</div>
<div class='line'>We would praise Thee never ceasing,</div>
<div class='line'>Thou by love and light art known!</div>
</div>
<div style='height:40px'></div>
</body></html>
