<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=UTF-8"/>
<title>Hymn 0015</title>
<link href='../stylesheet.css' rel='stylesheet' type='text/css'/>
</head>
<body>
<div style='text-align:center'>
<a href='0014.xhtml' class='hidden_a'><b> &lt; </b></a>
<a href='../nav/nav_0000.xhtml' class='hidden_a'>
E<b>15</b> C<b>10</b> K<b>10</b> S<b>9</b>
</a>
 <a href='0016.xhtml' class='hidden_a'><b> &gt; </b></a>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>1</b> O God, Thou art transcendent,</div>
<div class='line'>The Holy One Thou art!</div>
<div class='line'>None other is Thine equal,</div>
<div class='line'>Incomp'rable Thou art!</div>
<div class='line'>The holiest of the holy</div>
<div class='line'>The universe may call!</div>
<div class='line'>Thy power and Thy nature</div>
<div class='line'>Do far exceed it all!</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>2</b> Distinct, unique, and holy,</div>
<div class='line'>Not only right and pure;</div>
<div class='line'>Not only without defect,</div>
<div class='line'>But with perfection more;</div>
<div class='line'>For nothing can approach Thee,</div>
<div class='line'>Nor e'er Thine equal be;</div>
<div class='line'>If aught Thy place hath taken,</div>
<div class='line'>'Tis insult unto Thee.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>3</b> The excellent excelling,</div>
<div class='line'>The fairest of the fair,</div>
<div class='line'>Yet differing from the finest,</div>
<div class='line'>For none with Thee compare.</div>
<div class='line'>From all the righteous different,</div>
<div class='line'>For Thine is absolute;</div>
<div class='line'>None beauteous with Thee vying,</div>
<div class='line'>For Thine excels repute.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>4</b> Thy holiness transcendent</div>
<div class='line'>Thou hast for us prepared,</div>
<div class='line'>And this distinctive nature</div>
<div class='line'>We have already shared.</div>
<div class='line'>We share in Thy transcendence,</div>
<div class='line'>Since we Thy nature own;</div>
<div class='line'>Thy holy life we follow</div>
<div class='line'>Till unto fulness grown.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>5</b> We give Thee praise and worship</div>
<div class='line'>For all Thy holiness,</div>
<div class='line'>For Thy transcendent nature,</div>
<div class='line'>Thine utter peerlessness.</div>
<div class='line'>We praise Thee that Thy nature -</div>
<div class='line'>Unique, distinct - we share;</div>
<div class='line'>This separating nature</div>
<div class='line'>Is ours now and fore'er.</div>
</div>
<div style='height:40px'></div>
</body></html>
