<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=UTF-8"/>
<title>Hymn 0020</title>
<link href='../stylesheet.css' rel='stylesheet' type='text/css'/>
</head>
<body>
<div style='text-align:center'>
<a href='0019.xhtml' class='hidden_a'><b> &lt; </b></a>
<a href='../nav/nav_0000.xhtml' class='hidden_a'>
E<b>20</b> C<b>18</b> K<b>18</b> S<b>13</b>
</a>
 <a href='0021.xhtml' class='hidden_a'><b> &gt; </b></a>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>1</b> God our Father, we adore Thee,</div>
<div class='line'>For the sake of righteousness;</div>
<div class='line'>Thou in Christ hast justified us,</div>
<div class='line'>Who our conscience can depress?</div>
<div class='line'>Thou art righteous, and art faithful,</div>
<div class='line'>On Thy righteousness we stand;</div>
<div class='line'>No unrighteousness is in Thee,</div>
<div class='line'>None can turn Thy righteous hand.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>2</b> Thou hast laid our sins on Jesus,</div>
<div class='line'>By Thy justice He was killed;</div>
<div class='line'>All Thy holy law's requirements</div>
<div class='line'>For Thy justice He fulfilled.</div>
<div class='line'>Recompense from Him receiving,</div>
<div class='line'>Thou art fully satisfied;</div>
<div class='line'>How couldst Thou, O God most righteous,</div>
<div class='line'>Claim it once more from our side?</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>3</b> Father God, Thou hast accepted</div>
<div class='line'>Jesus as our Substitute;</div>
<div class='line'>Judged the Just One for the unjust,</div>
<div class='line'>Couldst Thou change Thy attitude?</div>
<div class='line'>As a proof of perfect justice,</div>
<div class='line'>At Thine own right hand He sits;</div>
<div class='line'>He, as Thy full satisfaction,</div>
<div class='line'>Righteously Thy need befits.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>4</b> Father, through the blood of Jesus</div>
<div class='line'>We possess Thy righteousness;</div>
<div class='line'>By Thy righteousness protected,</div>
<div class='line'>None can shake our steadfastness.</div>
<div class='line'>Righteousness of Thine Thou mad'st us,</div>
<div class='line'>None can ever us condemn;</div>
<div class='line'>We'll forever testify this</div>
<div class='line'>In the new Jerusalem.</div>
</div>
<div style='height:40px'></div>
</body></html>
