<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=UTF-8"/>
<title>Hymn 0021</title>
<link href='../stylesheet.css' rel='stylesheet' type='text/css'/>
</head>
<body>
<div style='text-align:center'>
<a href='0020.xhtml' class='hidden_a'><b> &lt; </b></a>
<a href='../nav/nav_0000.xhtml' class='hidden_a'>
E<b>21</b> C<b>16</b> K<b>16</b> S<b>14</b>
</a>
 <a href='0022.xhtml' class='hidden_a'><b> &gt; </b></a>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>1</b> We praise Thee for Thy righteousness;</div>
<div class='line'>Thy justice, Father, we confess,</div>
<div class='line'>And fully testify.</div>
<div class='line'>Thou art the judge of all mankind,</div>
<div class='line'>In Thee injustice none can find,</div>
<div class='line'>Nor wrong to Thee apply.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>2</b> O holy Father, righteous One,</div>
<div class='line'>Thy righteousness upholds Thy throne,</div>
<div class='line'>'Tis a foundation sure.</div>
<div class='line'>'Tis through this righteousness of Thine</div>
<div class='line'>That reigns in Christ the grace divine,</div>
<div class='line'>And peace we thus secure.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>3</b> Thy righteousness has caused Thy Son</div>
<div class='line'>To die for us that we be won,</div>
<div class='line'>Redemption thus was bought;</div>
<div class='line'>Thy righteousness has justified</div>
<div class='line'>When Christ's redemption was applied,</div>
<div class='line'>Salvation thus was wrought.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>4</b> That Thou might show Thy righteousness,</div>
<div class='line'>With Thy forgiveness Thou didst bless</div>
<div class='line'>Men in the ancient age;</div>
<div class='line'>For Thee Thy righteousness to show,</div>
<div class='line'>Remission Thou dost now bestow</div>
<div class='line'>On sinners in this age.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>5</b> All people Thou wilt judge one day,</div>
<div class='line'>Thy righteousness to all display</div>
<div class='line'>By Christ, Thy Son, our Lord;</div>
<div class='line'>Yet fast we'll stand, for none can move,</div>
<div class='line'>Thy righteousness we'll ever prove,</div>
<div class='line'>With grace Thou wilt afford.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>6</b> With justice is Thy kingdom filled,</div>
<div class='line'>And peace upon it Thou dost build</div>
<div class='line'>With all in harmony;</div>
<div class='line'>In the new heaven and new earth</div>
<div class='line'>Thy righteousness will be their worth,</div>
<div class='line'>As promised, God, by Thee.</div>
</div>
<div style='height:40px'></div>
</body></html>
