<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=UTF-8"/>
<title>Hymn 0026</title>
<link href='../stylesheet.css' rel='stylesheet' type='text/css'/>
</head>
<body>
<div style='text-align:center'>
<a href='0025.xhtml' class='hidden_a'><b> &lt; </b></a>
<a href='../nav/nav_0000.xhtml' class='hidden_a'>
E<b>26</b> C<b>22</b> K<b>22</b> S<b>18</b>
</a>
 <a href='0027.xhtml' class='hidden_a'><b> &gt; </b></a>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>1</b> God, we praise Thee for Thy mercy,</div>
<div class='line'>'Tis so great and so profound!</div>
<div class='line'>In our weakness and our failures;</div>
<div class='line'>With its greatness it abounds.</div>
<div class='line'>We adore Thee! We adore Thee!</div>
<div class='line'>With such mercy we've been crowned!</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>2</b> How we marvel at this mercy</div>
<div class='line'>So far-reaching and so vast!</div>
<div class='line'>It has reached us, e'en the sinners,</div>
<div class='line'>And will ever hold us fast.</div>
<div class='line'>From this mercy, from this mercy,</div>
<div class='line'>What can cause us to be cast?</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>3</b> For Thy mercy we are grateful,</div>
<div class='line'>'Tis so rich, so plenteous!</div>
<div class='line'>Thru Thy mercy in redemption,</div>
<div class='line'>Thou hast richly favored us.</div>
<div class='line'>If without this, if without this,</div>
<div class='line'>How could we be favored thus?</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>4</b> Oh, Thy mercy, so inspiring!</div>
<div class='line'>Gentle, tender, dear and sweet!</div>
<div class='line'>With Thy patience and Thy kindness,</div>
<div class='line'>Us in all our need it meets.</div>
<div class='line'>It we treasure, it we treasure,</div>
<div class='line'>Nothing can with it compete.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>5</b> Father, we enjoy Thy mercy,</div>
<div class='line'>Ever fresh and ever new;</div>
<div class='line'>Every morning shed upon us,</div>
<div class='line'>It refreshes as the dew.</div>
<div class='line'>How we taste it! How we taste it!</div>
<div class='line'>Giving Thee the praises due.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>6</b> We can never cease to praise Thee,</div>
<div class='line'>As Thy mercy e'er endures;</div>
<div class='line'>All Thy grace and all Thy favor,</div>
<div class='line'>Ever for us it secures.</div>
<div class='line'>Trusting in it, trusting in it,</div>
<div class='line'>Thy sure mercy us assures.</div>
</div>
<div style='height:40px'></div>
</body></html>
