<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=UTF-8"/>
<title>Hymn 0032</title>
<link href='../stylesheet.css' rel='stylesheet' type='text/css'/>
</head>
<body>
<div style='text-align:center'>
<a href='0031.xhtml' class='hidden_a'><b> &lt; </b></a>
<a href='../nav/nav_0000.xhtml' class='hidden_a'>
E<b>32</b> C<b>30</b> K<b>30</b> S<b>22</b>
</a>
 <a href='0033.xhtml' class='hidden_a'><b> &gt; </b></a>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>1</b> We bow and worship, Father, here</div>
<div class='line'>And marvel at Thy wondrous love.</div>
<div class='line'>O what is man that Thou shouldst deign</div>
<div class='line'>To him such boundless grace to prove!</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>2</b> We praise Thee for Thy heart's intent</div>
<div class='line'>That man Thy likeness should Possess,</div>
<div class='line'>That with Thy life and nature filled</div>
<div class='line'>Thine image he should manifest.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>3</b> Man in Thine image Thou didst make,</div>
<div class='line'>To him authority didst give;</div>
<div class='line'>Thyself presenting as his life,</div>
<div class='line'>That by Thy riches he might live.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>4</b> To enter man Thou dost desire,</div>
<div class='line'>With him to mingle thru Thy grace,</div>
<div class='line'>That man may be transformed and built</div>
<div class='line'>To be Thy worthy dwelling place.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>5</b> Tho' man did fall, Thou didst not leave</div>
<div class='line'>Thy heart's intent, but Thou didst move;</div>
<div class='line'>Redeeming man to bring him back,</div>
<div class='line'>Thou didst Thy love and wisdom prove.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>6</b> In Christ Thou didst Thyself reveal,</div>
<div class='line'>Who died and rose, redemption wrought;</div>
<div class='line'>In Spirit Thou hast entered man</div>
<div class='line'>And to him life and grace hast brought.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>7</b> My spirit is Thy holiest place,</div>
<div class='line'>Thy throne of grace is founded there;</div>
<div class='line'>Thou wouldst that we in spirit come</div>
<div class='line'>To burn the incense thru our prayer.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>8</b> Such grace is like a river full</div>
<div class='line'>Which from the throne of grace doth come;</div>
<div class='line'>It floweth thru, transforming us,</div>
<div class='line'>And builds us up to be Thy home.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>9</b> Receiving of Thy matchless grace,</div>
<div class='line'>We marvel at Thy gift so free;</div>
<div class='line'>With grateful hearts for Thy great love,</div>
<div class='line'>In spirit now we worship Thee.</div>
</div>
<div style='height:40px'></div>
</body></html>
