<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=UTF-8"/>
<title>Hymn 0045</title>
<link href='../stylesheet.css' rel='stylesheet' type='text/css'/>
</head>
<body>
<div style='text-align:center'>
<a href='0044.xhtml' class='hidden_a'><b> &lt; </b></a>
<a href='../nav/nav_0000.xhtml' class='hidden_a'>
E<b>45</b> C<b>38</b> K<b>38</b> S<b>-</b>
</a>
 <a href='0046.xhtml' class='hidden_a'><b> &gt; </b></a>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>1</b> Abba, Father! We adore Thee,</div>
<div class='line'>Humbly now our homage pay;</div>
<div class='line'>'Tis Thy children's bliss to know Thee,</div>
<div class='line'>None but children "Abba" say.</div>
<div class='line'>This high honor we inherit,</div>
<div class='line'>Thy free gift through Jesus' blood;</div>
<div class='line'>God the Spirit, with our spirit,</div>
<div class='line'>Witnesseth we're sons of God.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>2</b> Thine own purpose gave us being'</div>
<div class='line'>When in Christ, in that vast plan,</div>
<div class='line'>Thou in Christ didst choose Thy people</div>
<div class='line'>E'en before the world began.</div>
<div class='line'>Oh, what love Thou, Father, bore us!</div>
<div class='line'>Oh, how precious in Thy sight!</div>
<div class='line'>When to Thine own Son Thou gav'st us,</div>
<div class='line'>To Thy Son, Thy soul's delight.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>3</b> Though our nature's fall in Adam</div>
<div class='line'>Shut us wholly out from God,</div>
<div class='line'>Thine eternal counsel brought us</div>
<div class='line'>Nearer still, through Jesus' blood;</div>
<div class='line'>For in Him we found redemption,</div>
<div class='line'>Grace and glory in Thy Son;</div>
<div class='line'>O the height and depth of mercy!</div>
<div class='line'>Christ and His redeemed are one.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>4</b> Hence, through all the changing seasons,</div>
<div class='line'>Trouble, sickness, sorrow, woe,</div>
<div class='line'>Nothing changeth Thine affections,</div>
<div class='line'>Love divine shall bring us through;</div>
<div class='line'>Soon shall all Thy blood-bought children</div>
<div class='line'>Round the throne their anthems raise,</div>
<div class='line'>And, in songs of rich salvation,</div>
<div class='line'>Shout to Thine eternal praise.</div>
</div>
<div style='height:40px'></div>
</body></html>
