<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=UTF-8"/>
<title>Hymn 0062</title>
<link href='../stylesheet.css' rel='stylesheet' type='text/css'/>
</head>
<body>
<div style='text-align:center'>
<a href='0061.xhtml' class='hidden_a'><b> &lt; </b></a>
<a href='../nav/nav_0000.xhtml' class='hidden_a'>
E<b>62</b> C<b>56</b> K<b>56</b> S<b>36</b>
</a>
 <a href='0063.xhtml' class='hidden_a'><b> &gt; </b></a>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>1</b> Dear Lord Jesus, we adore Thee,</div>
<div class='line'>"Seed of woman" Thou became;</div>
<div class='line'>Of the virgin wast begotten,</div>
<div class='line'>Called e'en with a human name.</div>
<div class='line'>Taking thus the human nature,</div>
<div class='line'>Thou as man the serpent trod;</div>
<div class='line'>By the Cross his head Thou bruised</div>
<div class='line'>And fulfilled the plan of God.</div>
</div>
<div class='chorus'>
<div class='line'>Lord, we see Thy glory,</div>
<div class='line'>Shown in human beauty,</div>
<div class='line'>Full of splendor, manifested</div>
<div class='line'>In humanity.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>2</b> As a man, by incarnation,</div>
<div class='line'>Flesh and blood didst Thou partake</div>
<div class='line'>To destroy the devil, Satan,</div>
<div class='line'>In our stead and for our sake.</div>
<div class='line'>With the name of Jesus given</div>
<div class='line'>And Emmanuel called too,</div>
<div class='line'>Thou becam'st our precious Savior,</div>
<div class='line'>Bringing us salvation true.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>3</b> Thou, "Last Adam" wast entitled,</div>
<div class='line'>And wast called the "second man",</div>
<div class='line'>Head of all the new creation,</div>
<div class='line'>Better than the first man.</div>
<div class='line'>On this earth in life and conduct</div>
<div class='line'>Thou indeed wast Son of man;</div>
<div class='line'>Now in heaven with this nature</div>
<div class='line'>Thou dost still appear as man.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>4</b> In the time which God appointed</div>
<div class='line'>Thou wilt come, dear Lord, again,</div>
<div class='line'>With the glory of the Father,</div>
<div class='line'>Still appearing as a man.</div>
<div class='line'>Even on the throne of judgment</div>
<div class='line'>Son of man Thou still wilt be;</div>
<div class='line'>And with this, our human nature,</div>
<div class='line'>Thou forevermore wilt be.</div>
</div>
<div style='height:40px'></div>
</body></html>
