<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=UTF-8"/>
<title>Hymn 0078</title>
<link href='../stylesheet.css' rel='stylesheet' type='text/css'/>
</head>
<body>
<div style='text-align:center'>
<a href='0077.xhtml' class='hidden_a'><b> &lt; </b></a>
<a href='../nav/nav_0000.xhtml' class='hidden_a'>
E<b>78</b> C<b>61</b> K<b>61</b> S<b>43</b>
</a>
 <a href='0079.xhtml' class='hidden_a'><b> &gt; </b></a>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>1</b> Gracious Lord, Thy name "I AM" is,</div>
<div class='line'>Precious name, how rich and full 'tis,</div>
<div class='line'>All-inclusive, faithful too 'tis -</div>
<div class='line'>All, we need, Thou art!</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>2</b> Thou the Son, the Father in Thee,</div>
<div class='line'>As the Spirit now indwell me,</div>
<div class='line'>That the riches of Thyself we</div>
<div class='line'>May experience.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>3</b> Thou the Temple for God's dwelling,</div>
<div class='line'>Thou the Father's life e'er telling;</div>
<div class='line'>We in Thee with joy excelling</div>
<div class='line'>Face to face see Him.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>4</b> Thou the Lamb and Thou the Bridegroom,</div>
<div class='line'>For the bride Thou sufferedst sin's doom,</div>
<div class='line'>Wounded, crucified in our room;</div>
<div class='line'>Thus we find our rest.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>5</b> Thou art wisdom and the way, Lord,</div>
<div class='line'>Thou our lives dost plan each day, Lord,</div>
<div class='line'>Grace to us Thou dost convey, Lord,</div>
<div class='line'>In Thy path to walk.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>6</b> Pure and holy, righteous Thou art,</div>
<div class='line'>One with God, well-pleasing His heart,</div>
<div class='line'>Thou within to us dost impart</div>
<div class='line'>Harmony with God.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>7</b> Thou art life and Thou art light, Lord,</div>
<div class='line'>Death hast swallowed, banished night, Lord,</div>
<div class='line'>Thou hast quickened, given sight, Lord;</div>
<div class='line'>We are now set free.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>8</b> Thou art resurrection power,</div>
<div class='line'>Thou the conqu'ror in hell's hour;</div>
<div class='line'>Thou dost us with might empower</div>
<div class='line'>Over all to reign.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>9</b> Living water, food supply, Lord,</div>
<div class='line'>Thou Thyself art, and didst die, Lord,</div>
<div class='line'>All our want to satisfy, Lord;</div>
<div class='line'>Now we feast on Thee.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>10</b> Thou the Shepherd and Physician,</div>
<div class='line'>Thou hast healed our sick condition;</div>
<div class='line'>Comfort, guide, protect - Thy mission;</div>
<div class='line'>Thou dost care for us.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>11</b> Priest and King Thou art fore'er, Lord;</div>
<div class='line'>Into God we're brought, and there, Lord,</div>
<div class='line'>Thine authority we share, Lord;</div>
<div class='line'>What an honored place!</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>12</b> Thou our Hope and our Redemption,</div>
<div class='line'>Thou wilt change our old creation,</div>
<div class='line'>Make of Thee a duplication,</div>
<div class='line'>Thus Thyself express.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>13</b> Thou our Joy, our Peace, our Glory;</div>
<div class='line'>Truth, and Grace, the Rock, the Life-tree,</div>
<div class='line'>Building, Mountain, Sun, and Shield - we</div>
<div class='line'>Ne'er can tell it all.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>14</b> What Thou art - eternal, boundless,</div>
<div class='line'>Full and perfect, rich, exhaustless -</div>
<div class='line'>Meets our need to utter fullness</div>
<div class='line'>And from us o'erflows.</div>
</div>
<div style='height:40px'></div>
</body></html>
