<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=UTF-8"/>
<title>Hymn 0094</title>
<link href='../stylesheet.css' rel='stylesheet' type='text/css'/>
</head>
<body>
<div style='text-align:center'>
<a href='0093.xhtml' class='hidden_a'><b> &lt; </b></a>
<a href='../nav/nav_0000.xhtml' class='hidden_a'>
E<b>94</b> C<b>84</b> K<b>84</b> S<b>-</b>
</a>
 <a href='0095.xhtml' class='hidden_a'><b> &gt; </b></a>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>1</b> O Christ, what burdens bow'd Thy head!</div>
<div class='line'>Our load was laid on Thee;</div>
<div class='line'>Thou stoodest in the sinner's stead,</div>
<div class='line'>Didst bear all ill for me.</div>
<div class='line'>A victim led; Thy blood was shed;</div>
<div class='line'>Now there's no load for me.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>2</b> Death and the curse were in our cup,</div>
<div class='line'>O Christ, 'twas full for Thee!</div>
<div class='line'>But Thou hast drained the last dark drop -</div>
<div class='line'>'Tis empty now for me.</div>
<div class='line'>That bitter cup - love drank it up;</div>
<div class='line'>Now blessings' draught for me.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>3</b> Jehovah lifted up His rod,</div>
<div class='line'>O Christ, it fell on Thee!</div>
<div class='line'>Thou wast sore stricken of Thy God;</div>
<div class='line'>There's not one stroke for me.</div>
<div class='line'>Thy tears, Thy blood, beneath it flowed;</div>
<div class='line'>Thy bruising healeth me.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>4</b> The tempest's awful voice was heard,</div>
<div class='line'>O Christ, it broke on Thee!</div>
<div class='line'>Thy open bosom was my ward,</div>
<div class='line'>It braved the storm for me.</div>
<div class='line'>Thy form was scarred, Thy visage marred;</div>
<div class='line'>Now cloudless peace for me.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>5</b> Jehovah bade His sword awake,</div>
<div class='line'>O Christ, it woke 'gainst Thee!</div>
<div class='line'>Thy blood the flaming blade must slake;</div>
<div class='line'>Thy heart its sheath must be -</div>
<div class='line'>All for my sake, my peace to make;</div>
<div class='line'>Now sleeps that sword for me.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>6</b> For me, Lord Jesus, Thou hast died,</div>
<div class='line'>And I have died in Thee;</div>
<div class='line'>Thou'rt ris'n: my bands are all untied,</div>
<div class='line'>And now Thou liv'st in me.</div>
<div class='line'>When purified, made white, and tried,</div>
<div class='line'>Thy glory then for me!</div>
</div>
<div style='height:40px'></div>
</body></html>
