<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=UTF-8"/>
<title>Hymn 0110</title>
<link href='../stylesheet.css' rel='stylesheet' type='text/css'/>
</head>
<body>
<div style='text-align:center'>
<a href='0109.xhtml' class='hidden_a'><b> &lt; </b></a>
<a href='../nav/nav_0000.xhtml' class='hidden_a'>
E<b>110</b> C<b>92</b> K<b>92</b> S<b>-</b>
</a>
 <a href='0111.xhtml' class='hidden_a'><b> &gt; </b></a>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>1</b> O solemn hour! O hour alone,</div>
<div class='line'>In solitary night,</div>
<div class='line'>When God the Father's only Son,</div>
<div class='line'>As Man, for sinners lost, undone,</div>
<div class='line'>Expires - amazing sight!</div>
<div class='line'>The Lord of glory crucified!</div>
<div class='line'>The Lord of Life has bled and died!</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>2</b> O mystery of mysteries!</div>
<div class='line'>Of life and death the tree!</div>
<div class='line'>Center of two eternities,</div>
<div class='line'>Which look with rapt, adoring eyes,</div>
<div class='line'>Onward, and back to Thee!</div>
<div class='line'>O cross of Christ, where all His pain</div>
<div class='line'>And death is our eternal gain.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>3</b> O how our inmost hearts do move,</div>
<div class='line'>While gazing on that cross!</div>
<div class='line'>The death of the incarnate Love!</div>
<div class='line'>What shame, what grief, what joy we prove,</div>
<div class='line'>That He should die for us!</div>
<div class='line'>Our hearts were broken by that cry,</div>
<div class='line'>"Eli, lama sabachthani!"</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>4</b> Worthy of death, O Lord, we were;</div>
<div class='line'>That vengeance was our due;</div>
<div class='line'>In grace Thou, spotless Lamb, didst bear</div>
<div class='line'>Thyself our sins, and guilt, and fear;</div>
<div class='line'>Justice our Surety slew.</div>
<div class='line'>With Thee, our Surety, we have died;</div>
<div class='line'>With Thee, we there were crucified.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>5</b> Quickened with Thee with life divine,</div>
<div class='line'>Raised with Thee from the dead;</div>
<div class='line'>Thine Own, now human and divine,</div>
<div class='line'>Shall with Thee in Thy glories shine,</div>
<div class='line'>The Church's living Head!</div>
<div class='line'>We, who were worthy but to die,</div>
<div class='line'>Now with Thee, "Abba Father," cry.</div>
</div>
<div style='height:40px'></div>
</body></html>
