<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=UTF-8"/>
<title>Hymn 0114</title>
<link href='../stylesheet.css' rel='stylesheet' type='text/css'/>
</head>
<body>
<div style='text-align:center'>
<a href='0113.xhtml' class='hidden_a'><b> &lt; </b></a>
<a href='../nav/nav_0000.xhtml' class='hidden_a'>
E<b>114</b> C<b>-</b> K<b>-</b> S<b>-</b>
</a>
 <a href='0115.xhtml' class='hidden_a'><b> &gt; </b></a>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>1</b> Hail, Thou once despised Jesus!</div>
<div class='line'>Hail, Thou still rejected King!</div>
<div class='line'>Thou didst suffer to release us,</div>
<div class='line'>Thou didst free salvation bring;</div>
<div class='line'>Through Thy death and resurrection,</div>
<div class='line'>Bearer of our sin and shame!</div>
<div class='line'>We enjoy divine protection,</div>
<div class='line'>Life and glory through Thy name.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>2</b> Paschal Lamb, by God appointed,</div>
<div class='line'>All our sins on Thee were laid;</div>
<div class='line'>By our Father's love anointed,</div>
<div class='line'>Thou redemption's price hast paid.</div>
<div class='line'>All who trust Thee are forgiven</div>
<div class='line'>Through the virtue of Thy blood;</div>
<div class='line'>Opened are the things of heaven,</div>
<div class='line'>Grace shines forth to man from God.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>3</b> Savior, hail! Enthroned in glory,</div>
<div class='line'>Where for us Thou dost abide;</div>
<div class='line'>We, by faith, do now adore Thee,</div>
<div class='line'>Seated at Thy Father's side.</div>
<div class='line'>There, for us Thou now art pleading,</div>
<div class='line'>There Thou dost our sorrows share,</div>
<div class='line'>Ever for us interceding,</div>
<div class='line'>Till in glory we appear.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>4</b> Worship, honor, praise, and blessing,</div>
<div class='line'>Thou art worthy to receive;</div>
<div class='line'>Loudest praises, without ceasing,</div>
<div class='line'>Meet it is for us to give.</div>
<div class='line'>In that day Thy saints will meet Thee,</div>
<div class='line'>Welcome Thee with grateful song;</div>
<div class='line'>Joyful hearts will ever greet Thee,</div>
<div class='line'>Source of joy to all the throng!</div>
</div>
<div style='height:40px'></div>
</body></html>
