<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=UTF-8"/>
<title>Hymn 0130</title>
<link href='../stylesheet.css' rel='stylesheet' type='text/css'/>
</head>
<body>
<div style='text-align:center'>
<a href='0129.xhtml' class='hidden_a'><b> &lt; </b></a>
<a href='../nav/nav_0000.xhtml' class='hidden_a'>
E<b>130</b> C<b>112</b> K<b>112</b> S<b>-</b>
</a>
 <a href='0131.xhtml' class='hidden_a'><b> &gt; </b></a>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>1</b> See the Conqu'ror mount in triumph,</div>
<div class='line'>See the King in royal state</div>
<div class='line'>Riding on the clouds His chariot</div>
<div class='line'>To His;heav'nly palace gate;</div>
<div class='line'>Hark! The choirs of angel voices</div>
<div class='line'>Joyful hallelujahs sing,</div>
<div class='line'>And the portals high are lifted</div>
<div class='line'>To receive, to receive, to receive their</div>
<div class='line'>heav'nly King.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>2</b> Who is this that comes in glory,</div>
<div class='line'>With the trump of jubilee?</div>
<div class='line'>Lord of battles, God of armies,</div>
<div class='line'>He has gained the victory;</div>
<div class='line'>He who on the cross did suffer,</div>
<div class='line'>He who from the grave arose,</div>
<div class='line'>He has vanquished sin and Satan,</div>
<div class='line'>He by death, He by death, He by</div>
<div class='line'>death has spoiled His foes.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>3</b> While He lifts His hands in blessing</div>
<div class='line'>He is parted from His friends;</div>
<div class='line'>While their eager eyes behold Him,</div>
<div class='line'>He upon the clouds ascends;</div>
<div class='line'>He who walked with God and pleased Him,</div>
<div class='line'>Preaching truth and doom to come,</div>
<div class='line'>He, our Enoch, is translated</div>
<div class='line'>To His home, to His home,</div>
<div class='line'>to His everlasting home.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>4</b> Now our heavenly Aaron enters,</div>
<div class='line'>With His blood, within the veil;</div>
<div class='line'>Joshua now is come to Canaan,</div>
<div class='line'>And the kings before Him quail;</div>
<div class='line'>Now He plants the tribes of Israel</div>
<div class='line'>In their promised resting-place;</div>
<div class='line'>Now our great Elijah offers</div>
<div class='line'>Of His grace, of His grace,</div>
<div class='line'>double portion of His grace.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>5</b> He has raised our human nature</div>
<div class='line'>On the clouds to God's right hand;</div>
<div class='line'>There we sit in heav'nly places,</div>
<div class='line'>There with Him in glory stand. Jesus reigns,</div>
<div class='line'>adored by angels;</div>
<div class='line'>Man with God is on the throne;</div>
<div class='line'>Mighty Lord, in Thine ascension</div>
<div class='line'>We by faith, we by faith, we by</div>
<div class='line'>faith behold our own.</div>
</div>
<div style='height:40px'></div>
</body></html>
