<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=UTF-8"/>
<title>Hymn 0142</title>
<link href='../stylesheet.css' rel='stylesheet' type='text/css'/>
</head>
<body>
<div style='text-align:center'>
<a href='0141.xhtml' class='hidden_a'><b> &lt; </b></a>
<a href='../nav/nav_0000.xhtml' class='hidden_a'>
E<b>142</b> C<b>-</b> K<b>-</b> S<b>72</b>
</a>
 <a href='0143.xhtml' class='hidden_a'><b> &gt; </b></a>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>1</b> Crown Him with many crowns,</div>
<div class='line'>The Lamb upon His throne;</div>
<div class='line'>Hark! How the heav'nly anthem drowns</div>
<div class='line'>All music but its own!</div>
<div class='line'>Awake, my soul, and sing</div>
<div class='line'>Of Him who died for thee,</div>
<div class='line'>And hail Him as thy matchless King</div>
<div class='line'>Through all eternity.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>2</b> Crown Him the Virgin's Son,</div>
<div class='line'>The God Incarnate born,</div>
<div class='line'>Whose arm those crimson trophies won</div>
<div class='line'>Which now His brow adorn:</div>
<div class='line'>Fruit of the mystic Tree,</div>
<div class='line'>As of that Tree the Stem;</div>
<div class='line'>The Root whence flows Thy mercy free,</div>
<div class='line'>The Babe of Bethlehem.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>3</b> Crown Him the Lord of Love:</div>
<div class='line'>Behold His hands and side;</div>
<div class='line'>Rich wounds yet visible above</div>
<div class='line'>In beauty glorified:</div>
<div class='line'>No angel in the sky</div>
<div class='line'>Can fully bear that sight,</div>
<div class='line'>But downward bends his burning eye</div>
<div class='line'>At mysteries so bright.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>4</b> Crown Him the Lord of peace,</div>
<div class='line'>Whose power a scepter sways</div>
<div class='line'>From pole to pole, that wars may cease,</div>
<div class='line'>And all be prayer and praise.</div>
<div class='line'>His reign shall know no end,</div>
<div class='line'>And round His pierced feet</div>
<div class='line'>Fair flowers of glory now extend</div>
<div class='line'>Their fragrance ever sweet.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>5</b> Crown Him the Lord of years,</div>
<div class='line'>The Potentate of time,</div>
<div class='line'>Creator of the rolling spheres,</div>
<div class='line'>Ineffably sublime.</div>
<div class='line'>All hail, Redeemer, hail!</div>
<div class='line'>For Thou hast died for me;</div>
<div class='line'>Thy praise shall never, never fail</div>
<div class='line'>Throughout eternity.</div>
</div>
<div style='height:40px'></div>
</body></html>
