<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=UTF-8"/>
<title>Hymn 0154</title>
<link href='../stylesheet.css' rel='stylesheet' type='text/css'/>
</head>
<body>
<div style='text-align:center'>
<a href='0153.xhtml' class='hidden_a'><b> &lt; </b></a>
<a href='../nav/nav_0000.xhtml' class='hidden_a'>
E<b>154</b> C<b>134</b> K<b>134</b> S<b>77</b>
</a>
 <a href='0155.xhtml' class='hidden_a'><b> &gt; </b></a>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>1</b> It passeth knowledge, that dear love of Thine,</div>
<div class='line'>My Savior, Jesus; yet this soul of mine</div>
<div class='line'>Would of Thy love in all its breadth and length,</div>
<div class='line'>Its height and depth, its everlasting strength,</div>
<div class='line'>Know more and more.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>2</b> It passeth telling, that dear love of Thine,</div>
<div class='line'>My Savior, Jesus; yet these lips of mine</div>
<div class='line'>Would fain proclaim to sinners, far and near,</div>
<div class='line'>A love which can remove all guilty fear,</div>
<div class='line'>And love beget.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>3</b> It passeth praises, that dear love of Thine,</div>
<div class='line'>My Savior Jesus; yet this heart of mine</div>
<div class='line'>Would sing that love, so full, so rich, so free,</div>
<div class='line'>Which brings a rebel sinner, such as me,</div>
<div class='line'>Nigh unto God.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>4</b> But though I cannot sing, or tell, to know</div>
<div class='line'>The fullness of Thy love, while here below,</div>
<div class='line'>My empty vessel I may freely bring;</div>
<div class='line'>O Thou, who art of love the living spring,</div>
<div class='line'>My vessel fill.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>5</b> I am an empty vessel - not one thought</div>
<div class='line'>Or look of love to Thee I've ever brought;</div>
<div class='line'>Yet I may come, and come again to Thee,</div>
<div class='line'>With this the empty sinner's only plea,</div>
<div class='line'>Thou lovest me.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>6</b> Oh, fill me, Jesus, Savior, with Thy love!</div>
<div class='line'>Lead, lead me to the living fount above;</div>
<div class='line'>Thither may I, in simple faith draw nigh,</div>
<div class='line'>And never to another fountain fly,</div>
<div class='line'>But unto Thee.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>7</b> Lord Jesus, when Thee face to face I see,</div>
<div class='line'>When on Thy lofty throne I sit with Thee,</div>
<div class='line'>Then of Thy love, in all its breadth and length,</div>
<div class='line'>Its height and depth, its everlasting strength,</div>
<div class='line'>My soul shall sing.</div>
</div>
<div style='height:40px'></div>
</body></html>
