<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=UTF-8"/>
<title>Hymn 0158</title>
<link href='../stylesheet.css' rel='stylesheet' type='text/css'/>
</head>
<body>
<div style='text-align:center'>
<a href='0157.xhtml' class='hidden_a'><b> &lt; </b></a>
<a href='../nav/nav_0000.xhtml' class='hidden_a'>
E<b>158</b> C<b>131</b> K<b>131</b> S<b>-</b>
</a>
 <a href='0159.xhtml' class='hidden_a'><b> &gt; </b></a>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>1</b> Lord, Thy love has sought and found us</div>
<div class='line'>Wand'ring in this desert wide;</div>
<div class='line'>Thou hast thrown Thine arms around us,</div>
<div class='line'>For us suffered, bled, and died.</div>
<div class='line'>Sing, my soul! He loved thee,</div>
<div class='line'>Jesus gave Himself for me.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>2</b> Hark! What sounds of bitter weeping</div>
<div class='line'>From yon lonesome garden sweep;</div>
<div class='line'>'Tis the Lord His vigil keeping,</div>
<div class='line'>While His followers sink in sleep.</div>
<div class='line'>Ah, my soul, He loved thee,</div>
<div class='line'>Yes, He gave Himself for me.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>3</b> He is speaking to His Father,</div>
<div class='line'>Tasting deep that bitter cup,</div>
<div class='line'>Yet He takes it, willing rather</div>
<div class='line'>For our sakes to drink it up.</div>
<div class='line'>Oh, what love! He loved me!</div>
<div class='line'>Gave Himself, my soul, for thee.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>4</b> Then that closing scene of anguish:</div>
<div class='line'>All God's waves and billows roll</div>
<div class='line'>Over Him, there left to languish</div>
<div class='line'>On the cross, to save my soul.</div>
<div class='line'>Matchless love! How vast, how free,</div>
<div class='line'>Jesus gave Himself for me.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>5</b> Hark again! His cries are waking</div>
<div class='line'>Echoes on dark Calvary's hill;</div>
<div class='line'>God, my God, art Thou forsaking</div>
<div class='line'>Him who always did Thy will?</div>
<div class='line'>Ah, my soul! It was for thee,</div>
<div class='line'>Yes! He gave Himself for me.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>6</b> Lord, we joy, Thy toils are ended,</div>
<div class='line'>Glad Thy suff'ring time is o'er;</div>
<div class='line'>To Thy Father's throne ascended,</div>
<div class='line'>There Thou liv'st, to die no more.</div>
<div class='line'>Yes, my soul, He lives for thee,</div>
<div class='line'>He who gave Himself for me.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>7</b> Lord, we worship and adore Thee</div>
<div class='line'>For Thy rich, Thy matchless grace;</div>
<div class='line'>Perfect soon in joy before Thee,</div>
<div class='line'>We shall see Thee face to face.</div>
<div class='line'>Yet e'en now our song shall be,</div>
<div class='line'>Jesus gave Himself for me.</div>
</div>
<div style='height:40px'></div>
</body></html>
