<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=UTF-8"/>
<title>Hymn 0187</title>
<link href='../stylesheet.css' rel='stylesheet' type='text/css'/>
</head>
<body>
<div style='text-align:center'>
<a href='0186.xhtml' class='hidden_a'><b> &lt; </b></a>
<a href='../nav/nav_0000.xhtml' class='hidden_a'>
E<b>187</b> C<b>152</b> K<b>152</b> S<b>-</b>
</a>
 <a href='0188.xhtml' class='hidden_a'><b> &gt; </b></a>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>1</b> O Lord, how rich Thou art to us,</div>
<div class='line'>Thy love reveals the measure!</div>
<div class='line'>The boundless riches of Thyself,</div>
<div class='line'>In spirit here we treasure.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>2</b> Thou art the Word, e'en God Himself,</div>
<div class='line'>With God in the beginning;</div>
<div class='line'>Incarnate in the flesh with us,</div>
<div class='line'>And God to us defining.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>3</b> Thou art the tabernacle true,</div>
<div class='line'>In Thee we see God's glory;</div>
<div class='line'>For God Thou art the temple too,</div>
<div class='line'>In Thee is God's full story.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>4</b> Thou art the only Son of God,</div>
<div class='line'>The Father e'er declaring,</div>
<div class='line'>That we may have the life divine,</div>
<div class='line'>God's very nature sharing.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>5</b> Thou art the Son of Man like us,</div>
<div class='line'>And truly share our nature,</div>
<div class='line'>That we may be the sons of God</div>
<div class='line'>And grow to Thy full stature.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>6</b> Thou art the Christ, the Lord of all,</div>
<div class='line'>By God Thou art anointed;</div>
<div class='line'>The One who is the All in all,</div>
<div class='line'>For God and us appointed.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>7</b> Thou art the Savior crucified,</div>
<div class='line'>Whence issued blood and water,</div>
<div class='line'>That we might be redeemed to God,</div>
<div class='line'>And life divine may enter.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>8</b> Thou now art Jesus glorified,</div>
<div class='line'>From whom descends the Spirit;</div>
<div class='line'>The all-inclusive Spirit comes</div>
<div class='line'>To us with all Thy merit.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>9</b> Thou art the very light of life</div>
<div class='line'>That shineth in the darkness;</div>
<div class='line'>The light divine that shines with God</div>
<div class='line'>Within our hearts in fulness.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>10</b> Thou art the very life divine,</div>
<div class='line'>Which all our spirits quickens;</div>
<div class='line'>The life which brings us out of death</div>
<div class='line'>And all our being strengthens.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>11</b> Lord, Thou art God's reality,</div>
<div class='line'>The truth that meets God's pleasure;</div>
<div class='line'>The truth that brings Thyself to us,</div>
<div class='line'>That we may know Thy measure.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>12</b> Thou also art the way of life,</div>
<div class='line'>Which unto glory leads us;</div>
<div class='line'>The way of Thy reality,</div>
<div class='line'>Which into vict'ry speeds us.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>13</b> Thou art the resurrection too,</div>
<div class='line'>All death Thy life doth swallow;</div>
<div class='line'>'Tis by Thy resurrection pow'r,</div>
<div class='line'>We bear the cross and follow.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>14</b> Thou art the spotless Lamb of God,</div>
<div class='line'>Who died for our redemption;</div>
<div class='line'>Thou art the Spirit-giver too,</div>
<div class='line'>For our regeneration.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>15</b> Thou art the serpent made of brass,</div>
<div class='line'>Who saveth us from evil;</div>
<div class='line'>Thou on the tree wast lifted up,</div>
<div class='line'>To crush for us the devil.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>16</b> Thou art the Shepherd and the door,</div>
<div class='line'>For us to leave the sheepfold,</div>
<div class='line'>By Thee we have full liberty</div>
<div class='line'>And share the pasture freehold.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>17</b> Thy washing keeps us always clean,</div>
<div class='line'>In function like the laver;</div>
<div class='line'>Thus we are kept in fellowship,</div>
<div class='line'>Partaking of Thy favor.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>18</b> Thou art the heav'nly riven rock,</div>
<div class='line'>With living water flowing;</div>
<div class='line'>We drink of this refreshing stream,</div>
<div class='line'>Thy quenching power knowing.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>19</b> Thou art the heav'nly well, in Thee</div>
<div class='line'>Is living water ever;</div>
<div class='line'>We drink of Thine eternal life,</div>
<div class='line'>And thirst no more forever.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>20</b> Thou art the heav'nly bread of life,</div>
<div class='line'>Thy food divine doth flourish;</div>
<div class='line'>With all Thy riches bountiful</div>
<div class='line'>Our spirits Thou dost nourish.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>21</b> Thou even art our breath of life</div>
<div class='line'>Thyself we breathe in spirit,</div>
<div class='line'>By Thee we live, in Thee we walk,</div>
<div class='line'>Thy riches we inherit.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>22</b> Thou art the grain of wheat divine,</div>
<div class='line'>That died and rose with glory,</div>
<div class='line'>To bring forth us as many grains</div>
<div class='line'>To form Thy glorious Body.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>23</b> Thou art the true and heav'nly vine,</div>
<div class='line'>And we in Thee are branches;</div>
<div class='line'>In Thee abiding, Thou in us,</div>
<div class='line'>We share in all Thy riches.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>24</b> Thou art the Bridegroom from above</div>
<div class='line'>To take the Bride, Thy Body;</div>
<div class='line'>That we may be with Thee as one,</div>
<div class='line'>In life and love and glory.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>25</b> Thou art the ladder Jacob saw,</div>
<div class='line'>By Thee the heav'n is open;</div>
<div class='line'>In Thee we are the house of God,</div>
<div class='line'>And earth is joined to heaven.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>26</b> O Lord, Thou art the great "I AM,"</div>
<div class='line'>Who all our need doth furnish;</div>
<div class='line'>Enjoying Thee as all in all,</div>
<div class='line'>God's purpose we accomplish.</div>
</div>
<div style='height:40px'></div>
</body></html>
