<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=UTF-8"/>
<title>Hymn 0188</title>
<link href='../stylesheet.css' rel='stylesheet' type='text/css'/>
</head>
<body>
<div style='text-align:center'>
<a href='0187.xhtml' class='hidden_a'><b> &lt; </b></a>
<a href='../nav/nav_0000.xhtml' class='hidden_a'>
E<b>188</b> C<b>164</b> K<b>164</b> S<b>86</b>
</a>
 <a href='0189.xhtml' class='hidden_a'><b> &gt; </b></a>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>22</b> Dear Lord, Thou art the Son of God,</div>
<div class='line'>His absolute expression;</div>
<div class='line'>In Thee God speaks to us today,</div>
<div class='line'>Thou art His definition.</div>
<div class='line'>The impress of God's substance true,</div>
<div class='line'>Effulgence of His glory,</div>
<div class='line'>Thou even art our God Himself,</div>
<div class='line'>In Thee is His full story.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>3</b> By Thee was made, the universe,</div>
<div class='line'>Subsisting by Thy merit;</div>
<div class='line'>The heir God hath appointed Thee,</div>
<div class='line'>That all Thou may inherit.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>4</b> Since Thou hast purged our sins by death,</div>
<div class='line'>In heaven Thou art seated,</div>
<div class='line'>Till all Thy foes will be subdued</div>
<div class='line'>And all God's will completed.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>5</b> A better name than angels have,</div>
<div class='line'>From God Thou didst inherit;</div>
<div class='line'>As Son of God to us as life,</div>
<div class='line'>Thou now art in the Spirit.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>6</b> Thy kingdom is of righteousness,</div>
<div class='line'>Thy throne will stand forever;</div>
<div class='line'>God hath in love anointed Thee,</div>
<div class='line'>And Thou shalt wax old never.</div>
<div class='line'>Thou also art a man indeed,</div>
<div class='line'>With all our human nature;</div>
<div class='line'>By grace Thou tastedst death for us</div>
<div class='line'>That we may have Thy stature.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>8</b> With glory and with honor crowned,</div>
<div class='line'>All things to Thee are subject,</div>
<div class='line'>As Captain of salvation, full,</div>
<div class='line'>Thou art thru sufferings perfect.</div>
<div class='line'>By death the devil Thou hast spoiled,</div>
<div class='line'>And from death's bondage freed us;</div>
<div class='line'>Thou sanctifiest us in life</div>
<div class='line'>And dost to glory speed us.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>10</b> To us, Thy brethren, Thou art here,</div>
<div class='line'>The Father's Name declaring;</div>
<div class='line'>Within the Church Thou singest hymns,</div>
<div class='line'>God's praises with us sharing.</div>
<div class='line'>Superior Thou to Moses, Lord,</div>
<div class='line'>As to the house the builder;</div>
<div class='line'>Thou, our Apostle sent from God,</div>
<div class='line'>Art worthy of more splendor.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>12</b> Thou art our real Joshua,</div>
<div class='line'>By Thee the rest we enter;</div>
<div class='line'>Our full salvation is of Thee,</div>
<div class='line'>Our faith on Thee doth center.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>13</b> Thou art the heav'nly rest -to us,</div>
<div class='line'>Now dwelling in our spirit,</div>
<div class='line'>For us to enter as the land</div>
<div class='line'>And all Thy good inherit.</div>
<div class='line'>Superior Thou to Aaron too -</div>
<div class='line'>Thyself, the offering given,</div>
<div class='line'>Thou enteredst, as our Great High Priest,</div>
<div class='line'>The holiest place in heaven.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>15</b> Thou art our true Melchisedec,</div>
<div class='line'>With endless life in power,</div>
<div class='line'>To minister the "bread and wine,"</div>
<div class='line'>In every needful hour.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>16</b> Thou art the better sacrifice,</div>
<div class='line'>Thru the eternal Spirit,</div>
<div class='line'>Once offered unto God for us,</div>
<div class='line'>That we may gain Thy merit.</div>
<div class='line'>A better covenant was made</div>
<div class='line'>With Thy dear blood in heaven;</div>
<div class='line'>By Thee this sure new testament</div>
<div class='line'>To Thy redeemed was given.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>18</b> Thou, art its Maker adequate,</div>
<div class='line'>For Thou dost have the merit;</div>
<div class='line'>Thou art its Giver competent</div>
<div class='line'>That we may all inherit;</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>19</b> Its qualified Executor,</div>
<div class='line'>By life of resurrection;</div>
<div class='line'>Its potent Mediator too,</div>
<div class='line'>Fulfilling God's election.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>20</b> Lord, Thou art now within the veil,</div>
<div class='line'>As our unique Forerunner,</div>
<div class='line'>That by Thy life, without the camp,</div>
<div class='line'>We'll in the race be runners.</div>
<div class='line'>Thou art the Finisher of faith,</div>
<div class='line'>As well its Author perfect;</div>
<div class='line'>By faith and love we follow Thee,</div>
<div class='line'>And e'er to Thee are subject.</div>
<div class='line'>Unequaled is Thy worth, dear Lord,</div>
<div class='line'>And all Thou art we treasure;</div>
<div class='line'>Thou art so perfect and complete,</div>
<div class='line'>Beyond all human measure.</div>
</div>
<div style='height:40px'></div>
</body></html>
