<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=UTF-8"/>
<title>Hymn 0189</title>
<link href='../stylesheet.css' rel='stylesheet' type='text/css'/>
</head>
<body>
<div style='text-align:center'>
<a href='0188.xhtml' class='hidden_a'><b> &lt; </b></a>
<a href='../nav/nav_0000.xhtml' class='hidden_a'>
E<b>189</b> C<b>163</b> K<b>163</b> S<b>87</b>
</a>
 <a href='0190.xhtml' class='hidden_a'><b> &gt; </b></a>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>1</b> Thou art the Son beloved,</div>
<div class='line'>The image of our God;</div>
<div class='line'>Thou art the saints' dear portion,</div>
<div class='line'>Imparted thru Thy blood.</div>
<div class='line'>Among all God's creation</div>
<div class='line'>Thou art the firstborn One;</div>
<div class='line'>By Thee all was created,</div>
<div class='line'>All for Thyself to own.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>2</b> Thou art before all creatures,</div>
<div class='line'>In Thee all things consist;</div>
<div class='line'>Of all Thou art the center,</div>
<div class='line'>By Thee all things subsist.</div>
<div class='line'>Thou art the sole beginning,</div>
<div class='line'>The Firstborn from the dead;</div>
<div class='line'>And for the Church, Thy Body,</div>
<div class='line'>Thou art the glorious Head.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>3</b> Because it pleased the Father,</div>
<div class='line'>All fulness dwells in Thee,</div>
<div class='line'>That Thou might have the first place</div>
<div class='line'>In all we ever see.</div>
<div class='line'>All things Thou reconciledst</div>
<div class='line'>To God by Thy shed blood,</div>
<div class='line'>To thus present us holy</div>
<div class='line'>And blameless unto God.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>4</b> In Thee God's fulness dwelleth,</div>
<div class='line'>Thou art God's mystery;</div>
<div class='line'>The treasures of all wisdom</div>
<div class='line'>And knowledge are in Thee.</div>
<div class='line'>Thou art the hope of glory,</div>
<div class='line'>In us Thou dost abide;</div>
<div class='line'>In Thee we are perfected</div>
<div class='line'>And God is satisfied.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>5</b> All things are but a shadow</div>
<div class='line'>Which unto us reveal</div>
<div class='line'>Thyself, in whom we're rooted,</div>
<div class='line'>The only One that's real.</div>
<div class='line'>Enjoying all Thy riches,</div>
<div class='line'>Thy fulness we will be;</div>
<div class='line'>We'll hold Thee, as Thy Body,</div>
<div class='line'>And grow with God in Thee.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>6</b> With Thee in God we're hidden,</div>
<div class='line'>Thou art in us our life;</div>
<div class='line'>Thy peace in us presiding,</div>
<div class='line'>We rest from all our strife.</div>
<div class='line'>In the new man, Thy Body,</div>
<div class='line'>Thou art the all in all;</div>
<div class='line'>Our all-inclusive Savior,</div>
<div class='line'>Thyself we'll ever call.</div>
</div>
<div style='height:40px'></div>
</body></html>
