<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=UTF-8"/>
<title>Hymn 0193</title>
<link href='../stylesheet.css' rel='stylesheet' type='text/css'/>
</head>
<body>
<div style='text-align:center'>
<a href='0192.xhtml' class='hidden_a'><b> &lt; </b></a>
<a href='../nav/nav_0000.xhtml' class='hidden_a'>
E<b>193</b> C<b>161</b> K<b>161</b> S<b>-</b>
</a>
 <a href='0194.xhtml' class='hidden_a'><b> &gt; </b></a>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>1</b> Dear Lord, Thou art so much to us</div>
<div class='line'>Thou art our all in all;</div>
<div class='line'>What Thou art fully meets our needs,</div>
<div class='line'>Though they be great or small.</div>
<div class='line'>Our hearts appreciate what Thou art,</div>
<div class='line'>Our spirits worship Thee;</div>
<div class='line'>Our grateful praise to Thee we give</div>
<div class='line'>As we Thy riches see.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>2</b> Thou art the Prophet raised by God,</div>
<div class='line'>With pow'r for God to speak;</div>
<div class='line'>Like Moses, Thou God's plan hast shown,</div>
<div class='line'>That we God's will may seek.</div>
<div class='line'>Thou art like Jonah sent by God,</div>
<div class='line'>To enter death and live,</div>
<div class='line'>That by this sign of death and life,</div>
<div class='line'>We may in Thee believe.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>3</b> Thou art the Prophet raised from men,</div>
<div class='line'>To speak with pow'r and light;</div>
<div class='line'>Thou, like Elisha, filled with love,</div>
<div class='line'>Thy miracles in might.</div>
<div class='line'>Thou, like Isaiah, full of grace,</div>
<div class='line'>God's Christ dost e'er reveal,</div>
<div class='line'>That we may share this Christ of all</div>
<div class='line'>As life both rich and real.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>4</b> Thou art the Priest from us to God,</div>
<div class='line'>The holy Priest for us,</div>
<div class='line'>Like Aaron called of God from men,</div>
<div class='line'>For us Thou servest thus.</div>
<div class='line'>In love Thou bearest us to God,</div>
<div class='line'>The great High Priest to serve;</div>
<div class='line'>With love Thou intercedest there</div>
<div class='line'>And dost with strength preserve.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>5</b> Thou art the Priest from God to us,</div>
<div class='line'>The royal Priest of God;</div>
<div class='line'>Like Salem's King, Melchisedec,</div>
<div class='line'>The minister of God.</div>
<div class='line'>With bread and wine Thou cam'st from God</div>
<div class='line'>To us in time of need;</div>
<div class='line'>Thou cam'st with God that we in Him</div>
<div class='line'>Might fully share indeed.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>6</b> Thou art the King as David was,</div>
<div class='line'>And God's desire dost seek;</div>
<div class='line'>The battle fought, the foe subdued,</div>
<div class='line'>God's heart Thou dost bespeak.</div>
<div class='line'>Thou art empowered on the throne,</div>
<div class='line'>Not with a human rod,</div>
<div class='line'>But with authority divine</div>
<div class='line'>To reign for us and God.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>7</b> Thou art the King like Solomon,</div>
<div class='line'>Whose rule with peace was filled;</div>
<div class='line'>With wisdom Thou dost reign in pow'r</div>
<div class='line'>And Thou God's house dost build.</div>
<div class='line'>As King unseen Thou reignest now</div>
<div class='line'>Among Thy saints with love;</div>
<div class='line'>One day, when Thou shalt reign with us,</div>
<div class='line'>Thou wilt Thy kingship prove.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>8</b> As King and Priest and Prophet too,</div>
<div class='line'>How precious, Lord, art Thou;</div>
<div class='line'>Thy worth to God, Thy worth to us,</div>
<div class='line'>We all with love avow.</div>
<div class='line'>O how we treasure what Thou art,</div>
<div class='line'>Our hearts are drawn by Thee;</div>
<div class='line'>To Thee we'll give our thanks and praise</div>
<div class='line'>Throughout eternity.</div>
</div>
<div style='height:40px'></div>
</body></html>
