<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=UTF-8"/>
<title>Hymn 0194</title>
<link href='../stylesheet.css' rel='stylesheet' type='text/css'/>
</head>
<body>
<div style='text-align:center'>
<a href='0193.xhtml' class='hidden_a'><b> &lt; </b></a>
<a href='../nav/nav_0000.xhtml' class='hidden_a'>
E<b>194</b> C<b>160</b> K<b>160</b> S<b>-</b>
</a>
 <a href='0195.xhtml' class='hidden_a'><b> &gt; </b></a>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>1</b> Thou art God's testimony, Lord,</div>
<div class='line'>Much better than the law;</div>
<div class='line'>The law in letter was engraved,</div>
<div class='line'>In it Thy type men saw.</div>
<div class='line'>A definition was the law,</div>
<div class='line'>God's picture to provide;</div>
<div class='line'>But Thou art God's reality,</div>
<div class='line'>In Thee doth God abide.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>2</b> The ark of testimony too</div>
<div class='line'>Was but a type of Thee;</div>
<div class='line'>In it the law of God was placed,</div>
<div class='line'>But God in Thee we see.</div>
<div class='line'>The ark, in type, was made of wood</div>
<div class='line'>And. overlaid with gold;</div>
<div class='line'>It typifies Thee as a man,</div>
<div class='line'>Who God in full doth hold.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>3</b> Thou art the tabernacle too,</div>
<div class='line'>God's holy dwelling place;</div>
<div class='line'>Incarnate in the flesh Thou art,</div>
<div class='line'>And full of truth and grace.</div>
<div class='line'>God's glory we behold in Thee,</div>
<div class='line'>Thou art the Word divine;</div>
<div class='line'>Thy words and deeds of love and light</div>
<div class='line'>Do God in life define.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>4</b> The temple was a type of Thee;</div>
<div class='line'>The house of God Thou art;</div>
<div class='line'>God dwells in Thee, Himself to show,</div>
<div class='line'>His fulness to impart.</div>
<div class='line'>Though Thou by Satan wast destroyed</div>
<div class='line'>And numbered with the dead,</div>
<div class='line'>In resurrection Thou dost build</div>
<div class='line'>A larger one instead.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>5</b> The city shows Thy fulness true,</div>
<div class='line'>A figure of Thy Bride,</div>
<div class='line'>The increase of Thyself in full,</div>
<div class='line'>In whom Thou dost abide.</div>
<div class='line'>In Thee is God, the light divine,</div>
<div class='line'>The lamp in her art Thou;</div>
<div class='line'>With Thee God shines thru her on all,</div>
<div class='line'>His glory to avow.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>6</b> The tabernacle and the ark,</div>
<div class='line'>The law within them stored,</div>
<div class='line'>The temple and the city too,</div>
<div class='line'>Are all Thyself, dear Lord.</div>
<div class='line'>Thou art the hub, Thou art the rim,</div>
<div class='line'>The all in all Thou art!</div>
<div class='line'>In Thee we see both God and man,</div>
<div class='line'>How precious to our heart!</div>
</div>
<div style='height:40px'></div>
</body></html>
