<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=UTF-8"/>
<title>Hymn 0195</title>
<link href='../stylesheet.css' rel='stylesheet' type='text/css'/>
</head>
<body>
<div style='text-align:center'>
<a href='0194.xhtml' class='hidden_a'><b> &lt; </b></a>
<a href='../nav/nav_0000.xhtml' class='hidden_a'>
E<b>195</b> C<b>165</b> K<b>165</b> S<b>89</b>
</a>
 <a href='0196.xhtml' class='hidden_a'><b> &gt; </b></a>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>1</b> Lord, Thou art all the offerings</div>
<div class='line'>Prepared by God for us;</div>
<div class='line'>They are so rich in meaning,</div>
<div class='line'>So sweet and glorious.</div>
<div class='line'>They have fulfilled God's purpose</div>
<div class='line'>And met His heart's desire;</div>
<div class='line'>They too have satisfied us,</div>
<div class='line'>And faced what we require.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>2</b> Thou art the burnt-oblation,</div>
<div class='line'>Consumed by holy fire;</div>
<div class='line'>To God as a sweet savor,</div>
<div class='line'>Fulfilling His desire.</div>
<div class='line'>Thou walkedst in God's presence,</div>
<div class='line'>And all His will pursued;</div>
<div class='line'>Thyself the spotless offering,</div>
<div class='line'>For us to God as food.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>3</b> Thou art the meal-oblation,</div>
<div class='line'>With "oil" and "frankincense";</div>
<div class='line'>'Tis holy, fine, and perfect,</div>
<div class='line'>And sweet to every sense.'</div>
<div class='line'>Thou art the peace-oblation,</div>
<div class='line'>The peace for us to make,</div>
<div class='line'>That we with God may share Thee,</div>
<div class='line'>As food of Thee partake.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>4</b> Thou art the sin-oblation,</div>
<div class='line'>For us Thou sin wast made;</div>
<div class='line'>By death for our redemption</div>
<div class='line'>The ransom Thou hast paid.</div>
<div class='line'>Thou art the trespass-offering,</div>
<div class='line'>Thou all our sins didst bear</div>
<div class='line'>To satisfy God's justice,</div>
<div class='line'>That we His pardon share.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>5</b> Thou art the wave-oblation,</div>
<div class='line'>The resurrected One;</div>
<div class='line'>O'er Hades, death and darkness,</div>
<div class='line'>The vict'ry Thou hast won.</div>
<div class='line'>Thou art the heave-oblation,</div>
<div class='line'>Thou didst ascend to God;</div>
<div class='line'>As such in heav'nly places</div>
<div class='line'>Thou art our holy food.</div>
</div>
<div style='height:40px'></div>
</body></html>
