<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=UTF-8"/>
<title>Hymn 0196</title>
<link href='../stylesheet.css' rel='stylesheet' type='text/css'/>
</head>
<body>
<div style='text-align:center'>
<a href='0195.xhtml' class='hidden_a'><b> &lt; </b></a>
<a href='../nav/nav_0000.xhtml' class='hidden_a'>
E<b>196</b> C<b>155</b> K<b>155</b> S<b>-</b>
</a>
 <a href='0197.xhtml' class='hidden_a'><b> &gt; </b></a>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>1</b> Lord, the ancient types and symbols</div>
<div class='line'>As our all Thyself portrayed;</div>
<div class='line'>As was shadowed in those figures,</div>
<div class='line'>Real to us Thou now art made.</div>
<div class='line'>Contemplating such a picture,</div>
<div class='line'>As we on its wonders gaze,</div>
<div class='line'>How we marvel at Thy riches</div>
<div class='line'>And our song of worship raise.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>2</b> Lord, Thou art our true Passover,</div>
<div class='line'>God passed over us thru Thee;</div>
<div class='line'>By Thyself and Thy redemption</div>
<div class='line'>We with God have harmony.</div>
<div class='line'>Thou, the Lamb of God, redeemedst us</div>
<div class='line'>With Thyself and with Thy blood;</div>
<div class='line'>We apply Thy blood, our ransom,</div>
<div class='line'>Eating Thee, our real food.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>3</b> Lord, Thou art the Bread from heaven,</div>
<div class='line'>The unleavened Bread of life;</div>
<div class='line'>Eating Thee, with Thee we mingle,</div>
<div class='line'>Ceasing from our sin and strife.</div>
<div class='line'>Lamb and Bread are both Thy figures,</div>
<div class='line'>Showing Thou art life to us;</div>
<div class='line'>Feasting on Thee at Thy table,</div>
<div class='line'>We enjoy Thy riches thus.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>4</b> Lord, Thou art the Heav'nly Manna,</div>
<div class='line'>As our daily food supply;</div>
<div class='line'>Strengthening and energizing,</div>
<div class='line'>All our need to satisfy.</div>
<div class='line'>Living Rock Thou also art, Lord,</div>
<div class='line'>Cleft for us with life to flow;</div>
<div class='line'>Drinking of this living water,</div>
<div class='line'>Thirst is quenched, Thy life we know.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>5</b> Lord, Thou art the Land of Canaan -</div>
<div class='line'>Elevated, rich and good,</div>
<div class='line'>Flowing with both milk and honey</div>
<div class='line'>In a glorious plenitude.</div>
<div class='line'>By Thy surplus God we worship,</div>
<div class='line'>In Thy fellowship we move;</div>
<div class='line'>Thus in love we're joined together</div>
<div class='line'>And God's building we will prove.</div>
</div>
<div style='height:40px'></div>
</body></html>
