<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=UTF-8"/>
<title>Hymn 0199</title>
<link href='../stylesheet.css' rel='stylesheet' type='text/css'/>
</head>
<body>
<div style='text-align:center'>
<a href='0198.xhtml' class='hidden_a'><b> &lt; </b></a>
<a href='../nav/nav_0000.xhtml' class='hidden_a'>
E<b>199</b> C<b>151</b> K<b>151</b> S<b>-</b>
</a>
 <a href='0200.xhtml' class='hidden_a'><b> &gt; </b></a>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>1</b> Thou art the Rock everlasting,</div>
<div class='line'>Spiritual Rock cleft for me;</div>
<div class='line'>Drinking of Thee as the Spirit,</div>
<div class='line'>Thus I become one with Thee.</div>
<div class='line'>Thou art the Rock never shaken,</div>
<div class='line'>'Tis on this Rock we are built;</div>
<div class='line'>Joined unto Thee thru redemption,</div>
<div class='line'>Nothing can shake us thru guilt.</div>
</div>
<div class='chorus'>
<div class='line'>Lord, how we treasure Thy value,</div>
<div class='line'>All that Thou art is for us;</div>
<div class='line'>While here in loving remembrance</div>
<div class='line'>We share Thy wealth glorious.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>2</b> Thou art the Stone tried by many,</div>
<div class='line'>Precious to God, dear to us,</div>
<div class='line'>Thou art so sure and trustworthy,</div>
<div class='line'>Thy strength is so marvelous.</div>
<div class='line'>Thou art the Stone that is living,</div>
<div class='line'>Chosen of God, made our own;</div>
<div class='line'>So energetic and pow'rful,</div>
<div class='line'>With endless life to us known.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>3</b> Thou art the Stone of Foundation</div>
<div class='line'>Laid by our God, safe and sure;</div>
<div class='line'>It is by this sure foundation</div>
<div class='line'>Safety fore'er we secure.</div>
<div class='line'>To us no other foundation</div>
<div class='line'>Of any kind man can lay;</div>
<div class='line'>Thou art the only foundation</div>
<div class='line'>Which we have now and for aye.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>4</b> Lord, for God's spiritual building,</div>
<div class='line'>Thou art the Chief Cornerstone;</div>
<div class='line'>Both of the Jews and the Gentiles</div>
<div class='line'>By Thee are built into one.</div>
<div class='line'>Lord, Thou art also the Topstone,</div>
<div class='line'>Brought forth in measureless grace;</div>
<div class='line'>Thou art our cover and glory,</div>
<div class='line'>Moving our hearts in Thy praise.</div>
</div>
<div style='height:40px'></div>
</body></html>
