<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=UTF-8"/>
<title>Hymn 0203</title>
<link href='../stylesheet.css' rel='stylesheet' type='text/css'/>
</head>
<body>
<div style='text-align:center'>
<a href='0202.xhtml' class='hidden_a'><b> &lt; </b></a>
<a href='../nav/nav_0000.xhtml' class='hidden_a'>
E<b>203</b> C<b>154</b> K<b>154</b> S<b>93</b>
</a>
 <a href='0204.xhtml' class='hidden_a'><b> &gt; </b></a>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>1</b> In the bosom of the Father,</div>
<div class='line'>Ere the ages had begun,</div>
<div class='line'>Thou wast in the Father's glory,</div>
<div class='line'>God's unique begotten Son.</div>
<div class='line'>When to us the Father gave Thee,</div>
<div class='line'>Thou in person wast the same,</div>
<div class='line'>All the fulness of the Father</div>
<div class='line'>In the Spirit to proclaim.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>2</b> By Thy death and resurrection,</div>
<div class='line'>Thou wast made God's firstborn Son;</div>
<div class='line'>By Thy life to us imparting,</div>
<div class='line'>Was Thy duplication done.</div>
<div class='line'>We, in Thee regenerated,</div>
<div class='line'>Many sons to God became;</div>
<div class='line'>Truly as Thy many brethren,</div>
<div class='line'>We are as Thyself the same.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>3</b> Once Thou wast the only grain, Lord,</div>
<div class='line'>Falling to the earth to die,</div>
<div class='line'>That thru death and resurrection</div>
<div class='line'>Thou in life may multiply.</div>
<div class='line'>We were brought forth in Thy nature</div>
<div class='line'>And the many grains became;</div>
<div class='line'>As one loaf we all are blended,</div>
<div class='line'>All Thy fulness to proclaim.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>4</b> We're Thy total reproduction,</div>
<div class='line'>Thy dear Body and Thy Bride,</div>
<div class='line'>Thine expression and Thy fulness,</div>
<div class='line'>For Thee ever to abide.</div>
<div class='line'>We are Thy continuation,</div>
<div class='line'>Thy life-increase and Thy spread,</div>
<div class='line'>Thy full growth and Thy rich surplus,</div>
<div class='line'>One with Thee, our glorious Head.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>+</b> Lord Thy human shell was broken.</div>
<div class='line'>Life and glory Thou released</div>
<div class='line'>That thine own incorporation</div>
<div class='line'>With thy chosen be increased.</div>
<div class='line'>We with Thee incorporated:</div>
<div class='line'>Thou in us and we in Thee.</div>
<div class='line'>Here we eat the hidden manna,</div>
<div class='line'>New Jerusalem to be.</div>
</div>
<div style='height:40px'></div>
</body></html>
