<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=UTF-8"/>
<title>Hymn 0221</title>
<link href='../stylesheet.css' rel='stylesheet' type='text/css'/>
</head>
<body>
<div style='text-align:center'>
<a href='0220.xhtml' class='hidden_a'><b> &lt; </b></a>
<a href='../nav/nav_0000.xhtml' class='hidden_a'>
E<b>221</b> C<b>178</b> K<b>178</b> S<b>97</b>
</a>
 <a href='0222.xhtml' class='hidden_a'><b> &gt; </b></a>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>1</b> Lord, we thank Thee for the table,</div>
<div class='line'>With the bread and with the wine;</div>
<div class='line'>At this table we enjoy Thee</div>
<div class='line'>As the feast of love divine.</div>
<div class='line'>We partake the bread, the emblem</div>
<div class='line'>Of Thy body giv'n for us;</div>
<div class='line'>And we share the wine, the symbol</div>
<div class='line'>Of Thy blood Thou shedd'st for us.</div>
</div>
<div class='chorus'>
<div class='line'>Lo, the holy table!</div>
<div class='line'>With the sacred symbols;</div>
<div class='line'>Its significance in figure</div>
<div class='line'>Is unsearchable!</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>2</b> By the death of Thy redemption,</div>
<div class='line'>That Thy life Thou may impart,</div>
<div class='line'>E'en Thyself to us Thou gavest</div>
<div class='line'>That we share in all Thou art.</div>
<div class='line'>By the bread and wine partaking,</div>
<div class='line'>We Thy death display and prove;</div>
<div class='line'>Eating, drinking of Thyself, Lord,</div>
<div class='line'>We remember Thee with love.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>3</b> By this bread which signifieth</div>
<div class='line'>Thy one body mystical,</div>
<div class='line'>We commune with all Thy members</div>
<div class='line'>In one bond identical.</div>
<div class='line'>By this holy cup of blessing,</div>
<div class='line'>Cup of wine which now we bless,</div>
<div class='line'>Of Thy blood we have communion</div>
<div class='line'>With all those who faith possess.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>4</b> Thou art our eternal portion,</div>
<div class='line'>Here we take a sweet foretaste;</div>
<div class='line'>We are waiting for Thy kingdom,</div>
<div class='line'>And Thy coming now we haste.</div>
<div class='line'>At Thy coming, in Thy kingdom,</div>
<div class='line'>With all saints that overcome,</div>
<div class='line'>We anew will feast upon Thee</div>
<div class='line'>And Thy loving Bride become.</div>
</div>
<div style='height:40px'></div>
</body></html>
