<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=UTF-8"/>
<title>Hymn 0224</title>
<link href='../stylesheet.css' rel='stylesheet' type='text/css'/>
</head>
<body>
<div style='text-align:center'>
<a href='0223.xhtml' class='hidden_a'><b> &lt; </b></a>
<a href='../nav/nav_0000.xhtml' class='hidden_a'>
E<b>224</b> C<b>175</b> K<b>175</b> S<b>100</b>
</a>
 <a href='0225.xhtml' class='hidden_a'><b> &gt; </b></a>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>1</b> As we're sharing of the cup,</div>
<div class='line'>How can we restrain our praise;</div>
<div class='line'>For the blood Thou shedd'st for us,</div>
<div class='line'>Worth of which none can appraise.</div>
<div class='line'>O how precious is Thy blood!</div>
<div class='line'>All our problems it resolves;</div>
<div class='line'>In Thine efficacious blood</div>
<div class='line'>All our care and fear dissolves.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>2</b> It is by this blood of worth</div>
<div class='line'>The new testament was made;</div>
<div class='line'>For this better covenant,</div>
<div class='line'>'Tis a sure foundation laid.</div>
<div class='line'>We have been redeemed by God,</div>
<div class='line'>Not with silver or with gold,</div>
<div class='line'>But, Lord, with Thy precious blood,</div>
<div class='line'>Which Thy love doth e'er unfold.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>3</b> For remission of our sins</div>
<div class='line'>Thou hast shed Thy cleansing blood,</div>
<div class='line'>Which for us has fully met</div>
<div class='line'>All the righteous claims of God.</div>
<div class='line'>Thou hast washed us from our sins</div>
<div class='line'>In Thy pow'rful purging blood;</div>
<div class='line'>And our conscience purged by it,</div>
<div class='line'>Thus to serve the living God.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>4</b> By Thy separating blood,</div>
<div class='line'>We have all been sanctified;</div>
<div class='line'>'Tis by Thy preserving blood</div>
<div class='line'>Holiness is testified.</div>
<div class='line'>By Thy propitiating blood,</div>
<div class='line'>We have all been justified;</div>
<div class='line'>'Tis by Thy redeeming blood</div>
<div class='line'>God is fully satisfied.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>5</b> Thru Thy blood shed on the cross,</div>
<div class='line'>We are reconciled to God,</div>
<div class='line'>That the way to contact Him</div>
<div class='line'>May in peace by us be trod.</div>
<div class='line'>By partaking of Thy blood,</div>
<div class='line'>We have Thine eternal life;</div>
<div class='line'>In Thy blood and life received,</div>
<div class='line'>We have rest, free from all strife.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>6</b> Now, in heav'n Thy sprinkled blood</div>
<div class='line'>Speaks for us of better things;</div>
<div class='line'>Under its defending pow'r</div>
<div class='line'>We are kept from Satan's stings.</div>
<div class='line'>By Thine overcoming blood,</div>
<div class='line'>We defeat the enemy;</div>
<div class='line'>Over our accuser thus,</div>
<div class='line'>We will have the victory.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>7</b> Of Thy blood, for fellowship,</div>
<div class='line'>We commune with all the saints;</div>
<div class='line'>Under its full covering,</div>
<div class='line'>Our freed spirit never faints.</div>
<div class='line'>How can we exhaust, in words,</div>
<div class='line'>The account of Thy dear blood;</div>
<div class='line'>We will need eternity</div>
<div class='line'>To declare its boundless good.</div>
</div>
<div style='height:40px'></div>
</body></html>
