<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=UTF-8"/>
<title>Hymn 0227</title>
<link href='../stylesheet.css' rel='stylesheet' type='text/css'/>
</head>
<body>
<div style='text-align:center'>
<a href='0226.xhtml' class='hidden_a'><b> &lt; </b></a>
<a href='../nav/nav_0000.xhtml' class='hidden_a'>
E<b>227</b> C<b>181</b> K<b>181</b> S<b>102</b>
</a>
 <a href='0228.xhtml' class='hidden_a'><b> &gt; </b></a>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>1</b> Through the bread and cup, Lord Jesus,</div>
<div class='line'>We Thy death exhibit here;</div>
<div class='line'>What Thy love has done reviewing,</div>
<div class='line'>All Thy suff'ring we revere.</div>
<div class='line'>Bread and cup in separation,</div>
<div class='line'>Show that Thou thru death hast gone;</div>
<div class='line'>Grateful now, our spirit worships,</div>
<div class='line'>And to Thee we give our song.</div>
</div>
<div class='chorus'>
<div class='line'>Thine the cup of suff'ring,</div>
<div class='line'>Mine the cup of blessing;</div>
<div class='line'>For Thy love in Thy redemption,</div>
<div class='line'>Praise we ever sing!</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>2</b> Thou, in love, hast shed Thy blood, Lord,</div>
<div class='line'>Bringing us to God in grace,</div>
<div class='line'>That from God, no longer severed,</div>
<div class='line'>We may ever see His face.</div>
<div class='line'>All God's righteousness and glory</div>
<div class='line'>Have been fully satisfied;</div>
<div class='line'>Thru Thy death's abundant merit</div>
<div class='line'>We may now with God abide.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>3</b> By Thy death the veil was riven,</div>
<div class='line'>Opened was the holiest place,</div>
<div class='line'>All the barriers have been broken;</div>
<div class='line'>We approach the throne of grace,</div>
<div class='line'>There receiving grace and mercy,</div>
<div class='line'>Thus the timely need to meet,</div>
<div class='line'>Drinking as of living water,</div>
<div class='line'>Tasting God Himself replete.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>4</b> Thou in grace hast so redeemed us,</div>
<div class='line'>We the priests may be fore'er</div>
<div class='line'>To fulfill that holy office,</div>
<div class='line'>All God's sweetness thus to share.</div>
<div class='line'>Such a blessing, such a mercy,</div>
<div class='line'>From Thy death for us ensue;</div>
<div class='line'>We would ever Thee remember</div>
<div class='line'>Till with Thee we drink anew.</div>
</div>
<div style='height:40px'></div>
</body></html>
