<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=UTF-8"/>
<title>Hymn 0235</title>
<link href='../stylesheet.css' rel='stylesheet' type='text/css'/>
</head>
<body>
<div style='text-align:center'>
<a href='0234.xhtml' class='hidden_a'><b> &lt; </b></a>
<a href='../nav/nav_0000.xhtml' class='hidden_a'>
E<b>235</b> C<b>190</b> K<b>190</b> S<b>-</b>
</a>
 <a href='0236.xhtml' class='hidden_a'><b> &gt; </b></a>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>1</b> Praise Him! praise Him! Jesus, our blessed Redeemer!</div>
<div class='line'>Sing, ye saints! His wonderful love proclaim!</div>
<div class='line'>Hail Him! hail Him! mightiest angels in glory;</div>
<div class='line'>Strength and honor give to His holy name!</div>
<div class='line'>Like a shepherd, Jesus will feed His people,</div>
<div class='line'>In His arms He carries them all day long;</div>
<div class='line'>O ye saints that live in the light of His presence,</div>
<div class='line'>Praise Him! praise Him! ever in joyful song!</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>2</b> Praise Him! praise Him! Jesus, our blessed Redeemer!</div>
<div class='line'>For our sins He suffered and bled and died;</div>
<div class='line'>He, our Rock, our Hope of eternal salvation,</div>
<div class='line'>Hail Him! hail Him! Jesus, the Crucified;</div>
<div class='line'>Loving Savior, meekly enduring sorrow,</div>
<div class='line'>Crowned with thorns that cruelly pierced His brow;</div>
<div class='line'>Once for us rejected, despised, and forsaken,</div>
<div class='line'>Prince of Glory, ever triumphant now.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>3</b> Praise Him! praise Him! Jesus, our blessed Redeemer!</div>
<div class='line'>Heavenly portals, loud with hosannahs ring!</div>
<div class='line'>Jesus, Savior, reigneth for ever and ever;</div>
<div class='line'>Crown Him! crown Him! Prophet and Priest and King!</div>
<div class='line'>Death is vanquished! Tell it with joy, ye faithful,</div>
<div class='line'>Where is now thy victory, boasting grave?</div>
<div class='line'>Jesus lives! No longer thy portals are cheerless;</div>
<div class='line'>Jesus lives, the mighty and strong to save.</div>
</div>
<div style='height:40px'></div>
</body></html>
