<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=UTF-8"/>
<title>Hymn 0236</title>
<link href='../stylesheet.css' rel='stylesheet' type='text/css'/>
</head>
<body>
<div style='text-align:center'>
<a href='0235.xhtml' class='hidden_a'><b> &lt; </b></a>
<a href='../nav/nav_0000.xhtml' class='hidden_a'>
E<b>236</b> C<b>-</b> K<b>-</b> S<b>-</b>
</a>
 <a href='0237.xhtml' class='hidden_a'><b> &gt; </b></a>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>1</b> Lamb of God! our souls adore Thee,</div>
<div class='line'>While upon Thy face we gaze;</div>
<div class='line'>There the Father's love and glory</div>
<div class='line'>Shine in all their brightest rays;</div>
<div class='line'>Thine Almighty pow'r and wisdom</div>
<div class='line'>All creation's works proclaim;</div>
<div class='line'>Heav'n and earth alike confess Thee</div>
<div class='line'>As the ever great "I AM."</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>2</b> Lamb of God! Thy Father's bosom</div>
<div class='line'>Ever was Thy dwelling place;</div>
<div class='line'>His delight, in Him rejoicing,</div>
<div class='line'>One with Him in pow'r and grace;</div>
<div class='line'>O what wondrous love and mercy!</div>
<div class='line'>Thou didst lay Thy glory by;</div>
<div class='line'>And for us didst come from heaven</div>
<div class='line'>As the Lamb of God to die.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>3</b> Lamb of God! When we behold Thee</div>
<div class='line'>Lowly in the manger laid,</div>
<div class='line'>Wand'ring as a homeless stranger</div>
<div class='line'>In the world Thy hands had made;</div>
<div class='line'>When we see Thee in the garden</div>
<div class='line'>In Thine agony of blood,</div>
<div class='line'>At Thy grace we are confounded,</div>
<div class='line'>Holy, spotless Lamb of God!</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>4</b> When we see Thee, as the victim,</div>
<div class='line'>Bound to the accursed tree,</div>
<div class='line'>For our guilt and folly stricken,</div>
<div class='line'>All our judgment borne by Thee,</div>
<div class='line'>Lord, we own, with hearts adoring,</div>
<div class='line'>Thou hast loved us unto blood;</div>
<div class='line'>Glory, glory everlasting</div>
<div class='line'>Be to Thee, Thou Lamb of God.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>5</b> Lamb of God, Thou soon in glory</div>
<div class='line'>Wilt to this sad earth return;</div>
<div class='line'>All Thy foes shall quake before Thee,</div>
<div class='line'>All that now despise Thee mourn;</div>
<div class='line'>Then Thy saints all gathered to Thee,</div>
<div class='line'>With Thee in Thy kingdom reign;</div>
<div class='line'>Thine the praise and Thine the glory,</div>
<div class='line'>Lamb of God, for sinners slain!</div>
</div>
<div style='height:40px'></div>
</body></html>
