<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=UTF-8"/>
<title>Hymn 0244</title>
<link href='../stylesheet.css' rel='stylesheet' type='text/css'/>
</head>
<body>
<div style='text-align:center'>
<a href='0243.xhtml' class='hidden_a'><b> &lt; </b></a>
<a href='../nav/nav_0000.xhtml' class='hidden_a'>
E<b>244</b> C<b>200</b> K<b>200</b> S<b>114</b>
</a>
 <a href='0245.xhtml' class='hidden_a'><b> &gt; </b></a>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>1</b> The Holy Spirit is today</div>
<div class='line'>The Spirit of the life divine,</div>
<div class='line'>He quickens us and gives us life,</div>
<div class='line'>And makes us fit for God's design.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>2</b> As living water quenching thirst</div>
<div class='line'>The stream of life He e'er supplies;</div>
<div class='line'>Imparting Christ as life divine,</div>
<div class='line'>My hungry heart He satisfies.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>3</b> Enlight'ning with the light of life,</div>
<div class='line'>He chases darkness far away;</div>
<div class='line'>Imparting Christ as light divine,</div>
<div class='line'>He turns for us the night to day.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>4</b> He strengthens with the pow'r of life</div>
<div class='line'>To energize our inner man;</div>
<div class='line'>Imparting Christ as strength divine,</div>
<div class='line'>He moves within us for God's plan.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>5</b> By law of life He liberates,</div>
<div class='line'>And frees us from the law of sin;</div>
<div class='line'>And with the nature all divine</div>
<div class='line'>He regulates us from within.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>6</b> As Spirit of the life divine,</div>
<div class='line'>Thru us abundant fruit He bears;</div>
<div class='line'>Expressing God-like attributes,</div>
<div class='line'>To others Christ in life He shares.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>7</b> The Spirit ever giving life</div>
<div class='line'>Transforms me thus with life divine;</div>
<div class='line'>Renewing all my inward parts,</div>
<div class='line'>In life He makes Christ's image mine.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>8</b> Oh, by Thy Spirit, fill me, Lord,</div>
<div class='line'>The Spirit of Thy life divine,</div>
<div class='line'>And saturate me thoroughly</div>
<div class='line'>Till all my life is filled with Thine.</div>
</div>
<div style='height:40px'></div>
</body></html>
