<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=UTF-8"/>
<title>Hymn 0249</title>
<link href='../stylesheet.css' rel='stylesheet' type='text/css'/>
</head>
<body>
<div style='text-align:center'>
<a href='0248.xhtml' class='hidden_a'><b> &lt; </b></a>
<a href='../nav/nav_0000.xhtml' class='hidden_a'>
E<b>249</b> C<b>-</b> K<b>-</b> S<b>-</b>
</a>
 <a href='0250.xhtml' class='hidden_a'><b> &gt; </b></a>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>1</b> Flow through me, Lord, a weak and earthly vessel,</div>
<div class='line'>Cleansed by Thy blood, and quickened at Thy call.</div>
<div class='line'>Flow through me, Lord, all utterly abandoned,</div>
<div class='line'>To Thy dear service, great, or high, or small.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>2</b> Flow through me, Lord, with overflowing fulness,</div>
<div class='line'>Make me to know Thine own deep love for souls.</div>
<div class='line'>Work in me, Lord, the faith that moveth mountains,</div>
<div class='line'>As power, Almighty power, my being holds.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>3</b> Flow through me, Lord, till sin in all its blackness</div>
<div class='line'>To captives bound by Satan is revealed.</div>
<div class='line'>Flow through me, Lord, till hearts are stricken, broken,</div>
<div class='line'>And in Thy cleansing fountain saved and healed.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>4</b> Flow through me, Lord, till lagging souls are quickened,</div>
<div class='line'>Till lives of failure sing the victory song,</div>
<div class='line'>Till praise from lips long dumb and silent, open,</div>
<div class='line'>And join with rapture earth's glad, cleansed throng.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>5</b> Flow through me, Lord, till waters from Thy fountain</div>
<div class='line'>Shall slake the thirst of souls in deserts drear.</div>
<div class='line'>Flow through me, Lord, till arid places blossom</div>
<div class='line'>With roses fresh and sweet, and wondrous fair.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>6</b> Flow through me, Lord, set all my heart-strings thrilling,</div>
<div class='line'>With Thine own love, so matchless, perfect, free.</div>
<div class='line'>Flow through me, Lord, till naught in earth or heaven,</div>
<div class='line'>Can satisfy my being, Lord, but Thee.</div>
</div>
<div style='height:40px'></div>
</body></html>
