<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=UTF-8"/>
<title>Hymn 0271</title>
<link href='../stylesheet.css' rel='stylesheet' type='text/css'/>
</head>
<body>
<div style='text-align:center'>
<a href='0270.xhtml' class='hidden_a'><b> &lt; </b></a>
<a href='../nav/nav_0000.xhtml' class='hidden_a'>
E<b>271</b> C<b>220</b> K<b>220</b> S<b>130</b>
</a>
 <a href='0272.xhtml' class='hidden_a'><b> &gt; </b></a>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>1</b> Of the Spirit born in spirit,</div>
<div class='line'>As the sons of God indeed,</div>
<div class='line'>We possess the Holy Spirit,</div>
<div class='line'>Dwelling in us for all need.</div>
<div class='line'>Yet we still need more of Him, Lord,</div>
<div class='line'>That we may be full of Thee;</div>
<div class='line'>May Thou fill us with Thy Spirit,</div>
<div class='line'>Give us life abundantly.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>2</b> Lord, we know the Spirit in us,</div>
<div class='line'>But of life Thy Spirit is,</div>
<div class='line'>That the riches of Thy fulness</div>
<div class='line'>We may share thru what He is.</div>
<div class='line'>Yet we still require Thy Spirit</div>
<div class='line'>As the power from on high,</div>
<div class='line'>That for all Thy work and service,</div>
<div class='line'>We may be equipped thereby.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>3</b> Lord, baptize us with Thy Spirit,</div>
<div class='line'>Clothe us with Thy pow'r of might;</div>
<div class='line'>With this "mantle" of Thy power,</div>
<div class='line'>We may then the battle fight.</div>
<div class='line'>May Thy wind now blow upon us,</div>
<div class='line'>Giving us the tongues of fire,</div>
<div class='line'>That, as witnesses anointed,</div>
<div class='line'>We'll fulfill Thy heart's desire.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>4</b> With the power of Thy Spirit,</div>
<div class='line'>Still we need the gifts to share,</div>
<div class='line'>That as members we may function</div>
<div class='line'>And Thy testimony bear.</div>
<div class='line'>By Thy Spirit's full outpouring,</div>
<div class='line'>Lord, impart the gifts we need,</div>
<div class='line'>That the building of Thy Body</div>
<div class='line'>With Thy blessing might proceed.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>5</b> For Thy glory and Thy kingdom,</div>
<div class='line'>May Thou hear Thy Body's cry!</div>
<div class='line'>Now fulfill Thy holy purpose,</div>
<div class='line'>All our hunger satisfy.</div>
<div class='line'>May we all partake Thy Spirit,</div>
<div class='line'>Him apply in many ways;</div>
<div class='line'>His infilling, His outpouring,</div>
<div class='line'>And His gifts to share always.</div>
</div>
<div style='height:40px'></div>
</body></html>
