<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=UTF-8"/>
<title>Hymn 0272</title>
<link href='../stylesheet.css' rel='stylesheet' type='text/css'/>
</head>
<body>
<div style='text-align:center'>
<a href='0271.xhtml' class='hidden_a'><b> &lt; </b></a>
<a href='../nav/nav_0000.xhtml' class='hidden_a'>
E<b>272</b> C<b>221</b> K<b>221</b> S<b>131</b>
</a>
 <a href='0273.xhtml' class='hidden_a'><b> &gt; </b></a>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>1</b> Christ indeed was born of Spirit</div>
<div class='line'>When He came a man to be;</div>
<div class='line'>And before His service started,</div>
<div class='line'>With the Spirit filled was He.</div>
<div class='line'>Yet He still received the baptism</div>
<div class='line'>Of the Spirit from on high</div>
<div class='line'>When He came to start His service</div>
<div class='line'>And was clothed with pow'r thereby.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>2</b> Peter and the Lord's disciples</div>
<div class='line'>All were Spirit born and filled,</div>
<div class='line'>Breathing in the Holy Spirit</div>
<div class='line'>As on them Christ breathed and willed.</div>
<div class='line'>Yet they still received the baptism</div>
<div class='line'>Of the Spirit from on high</div>
<div class='line'>When they were equipped for service,</div>
<div class='line'>And were clothed with pow'r thereby.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>3</b> Saul of Tarsus, the Ephesians,</div>
<div class='line'>And Samaritans believed;</div>
<div class='line'>Thus by Spirit generated,</div>
<div class='line'>Of His fulness they received.</div>
<div class='line'>Yet they still received the baptism</div>
<div class='line'>Of the Spirit from on high</div>
<div class='line'>When some laid their hands upon them,</div>
<div class='line'>And were clothed with pow'r thereby.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>4</b> We are also born of Spirit</div>
<div class='line'>On the day when we believe,</div>
<div class='line'>And of Him we now are drinking</div>
<div class='line'>As we daily Him receive.</div>
<div class='line'>Yet we also must be baptized</div>
<div class='line'>With the Spirit from on high,</div>
<div class='line'>Thus to be equipped for service,</div>
<div class='line'>And be clothed with pow'r thereby.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>5</b> Lord, baptize us with Thy Spirit!</div>
<div class='line'>This is what we need today;</div>
<div class='line'>Clothe us with Thy heav'nly power,</div>
<div class='line'>Bring us under its full sway.</div>
<div class='line'>Oh, baptize us in this hour!</div>
<div class='line'>This is all our earnest cry;</div>
<div class='line'>Now on us repeat Thine answer,</div>
<div class='line'>Clothe with power from on high.</div>
</div>
<div style='height:40px'></div>
</body></html>
