<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=UTF-8"/>
<title>Hymn 0277</title>
<link href='../stylesheet.css' rel='stylesheet' type='text/css'/>
</head>
<body>
<div style='text-align:center'>
<a href='0276.xhtml' class='hidden_a'><b> &lt; </b></a>
<a href='../nav/nav_0000.xhtml' class='hidden_a'>
E<b>277</b> C<b>224</b> K<b>224</b> S<b>133</b>
</a>
 <a href='0278.xhtml' class='hidden_a'><b> &gt; </b></a>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>1</b> Christ the Savior hath ascended</div>
<div class='line'>To the heavens far above,</div>
<div class='line'>Crowned with glory and with honor</div>
<div class='line'>By the Father God in love;</div>
<div class='line'>He hath made Him Head of all things,</div>
<div class='line'>His supremacy to prove.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>2</b> From this Christ to God ascended</div>
<div class='line'>Hath the Spirit been outpoured,</div>
<div class='line'>Poured upon the Church, His Body,</div>
<div class='line'>That His members be empow'red;</div>
<div class='line'>Thus the Lord of all in heaven</div>
<div class='line'>Thru His Church will be adored.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>3</b> In the flesh by incarnation,</div>
<div class='line'>Into man He God hath brought;</div>
<div class='line'>By His death and resurrection,</div>
<div class='line'>Into God He man hath brought;</div>
<div class='line'>God and man together mingled,</div>
<div class='line'>In Himself is fully wrought.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>4</b> Now in heaven by ascension</div>
<div class='line'>He is seated on the throne;</div>
<div class='line'>All the lordship, all the headship,</div>
<div class='line'>He Himself doth fully own;</div>
<div class='line'>And by pouring out His Spirit,</div>
<div class='line'>He as such might be made known.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>5</b> By this outpour, His descension</div>
<div class='line'>On the Church was realized;</div>
<div class='line'>'Tis by this, that in His Spirit</div>
<div class='line'>All the Church He hath baptized;</div>
<div class='line'>Thus the baptism of the Spirit</div>
<div class='line'>Was forever actualized.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>6</b> Hallelujah, 'tis accomplished,</div>
<div class='line'>And accomplished once for all!</div>
<div class='line'>Hallelujah, we're included,</div>
<div class='line'>All included, great or small!</div>
<div class='line'>Praise Him, He hath sent the Spirit</div>
<div class='line'>And baptized the Church withal!</div>
</div>
<div style='height:40px'></div>
</body></html>
