<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=UTF-8"/>
<title>Hymn 0279</title>
<link href='../stylesheet.css' rel='stylesheet' type='text/css'/>
</head>
<body>
<div style='text-align:center'>
<a href='0278.xhtml' class='hidden_a'><b> &lt; </b></a>
<a href='../nav/nav_0000.xhtml' class='hidden_a'>
E<b>279</b> C<b>227</b> K<b>227</b> S<b>135</b>
</a>
 <a href='0280.xhtml' class='hidden_a'><b> &gt; </b></a>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>1</b> First the blood, and then the ointment,</div>
<div class='line'>Cleansing, then anointing comes;</div>
<div class='line'>If we pass not thru Golgotha,</div>
<div class='line'>Ne'er to Pentecost we'll come.</div>
<div class='line'>If the blood has never cleansed us,</div>
<div class='line'>Ne'er the Spirit's pow'r we'll know,</div>
<div class='line'>If for Christ we'd truly witness,</div>
<div class='line'>Self-life to the Cross must go.</div>
</div>
<div class='chorus'>
<div class='line'>Through the Cross, O Lord, I pray,</div>
<div class='line'>Put my soul-life all away;</div>
<div class='line'>Make me any price to pay,</div>
<div class='line'>Full anointing to receive.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>2</b> Christ, the Rock, must first be smitten,</div>
<div class='line'>That the living water flow;</div>
<div class='line'>Without death the Spirit's fulness</div>
<div class='line'>Ne'er could dwell in man below.</div>
<div class='line'>If with Christ we die completely,</div>
<div class='line'>Willing thus our all to lose,</div>
<div class='line'>He will clothe us with His power</div>
<div class='line'>And to win the world will use.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>3</b> First the altar, then the fire,</div>
<div class='line'>If no loss, there'll be no gain;</div>
<div class='line'>If our all has not been offered,</div>
<div class='line'>To the throne we'll ne'er attain.</div>
<div class='line'>If to sacrifice we're willing,</div>
<div class='line'>All forsaking, God t'obey,</div>
<div class='line'>He to us will be committed</div>
<div class='line'>And thru us His pow'r display.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>4</b> First we must prepare the vessels</div>
<div class='line'>That the Oil they may contain;</div>
<div class='line'>Dig the valley full of ditches</div>
<div class='line'>That they may be filled with Rain.</div>
<div class='line'>First we must go thru the Jordan</div>
<div class='line'>Ere anointed from above;</div>
<div class='line'>First in death we must be baptized,</div>
<div class='line'>Then experience the Dove.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>5</b> When we see the ripened harvest</div>
<div class='line'>Of the golden countryside,</div>
<div class='line'>We may know that many seeds have</div>
<div class='line'>Fallen to the earth and died.</div>
<div class='line'>Ere the fruit of life may blossom,</div>
<div class='line'>We must surely suffer death;</div>
<div class='line'>If with Christ we've not been buried,</div>
<div class='line'>We'll not feel the Spirit's breath.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>6</b> Since it must be thus, I pray, Lord,</div>
<div class='line'>Help me go the narrow way;</div>
<div class='line'>Deal with pride and make me willing</div>
<div class='line'>Thus to suffer, Thee t'obey.</div>
<div class='line'>I for greater power pray not,</div>
<div class='line'>Deeper death is what I need;</div>
<div class='line'>All the meaning of the Cross, Lord,</div>
<div class='line'>Work in me - for this I plead.</div>
</div>
<div style='height:40px'></div>
</body></html>
