<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=UTF-8"/>
<title>Hymn 0296</title>
<link href='../stylesheet.css' rel='stylesheet' type='text/css'/>
</head>
<body>
<div style='text-align:center'>
<a href='0295.xhtml' class='hidden_a'><b> &lt; </b></a>
<a href='../nav/nav_0000.xhtml' class='hidden_a'>
E<b>296</b> C<b>234</b> K<b>234</b> S<b>141</b>
</a>
 <a href='0297.xhtml' class='hidden_a'><b> &gt; </b></a>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>1</b> And can it be that I should gain</div>
<div class='line'>An int'rest in the Savior's blood?</div>
<div class='line'>Died He for me, who caused His pain?</div>
<div class='line'>For me, who Him to death pursued?</div>
<div class='line'>Amazing love! how can it be</div>
<div class='line'>That Thou, my God, shouldst die for me?</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>2</b> 'Tis mystery all! The Immortal dies!</div>
<div class='line'>Who can explore His strange design?</div>
<div class='line'>In vain the firstborn seraph tries</div>
<div class='line'>To sound the depths of love Divine!</div>
<div class='line'>'Tis mercy all! let earth adore,</div>
<div class='line'>Let angel minds inquire no more.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>3</b> He left His Father's throne above,</div>
<div class='line'>So free, so infinite His grace;</div>
<div class='line'>Emptied Himself of all but love,</div>
<div class='line'>And bled for Adam's helpless race:</div>
<div class='line'>'Tis mercy all, immense and free;</div>
<div class='line'>For, O my God, it found out me.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>4</b> Long my imprisoned spirit lay</div>
<div class='line'>Fast bound in sin and nature's night;</div>
<div class='line'>Thine eye diffused a quickening ray,</div>
<div class='line'>I woke, the dungeon flamed with light;</div>
<div class='line'>My chains fell off, my heart was free,</div>
<div class='line'>I rose, went forth, and followed Thee.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>5</b> No condemnation now I dread;</div>
<div class='line'>Jesus, and all in Him, is mine!</div>
<div class='line'>Alive in Him, my living Head,</div>
<div class='line'>And clothed in righteousness Divine,</div>
<div class='line'>Bold I approach the eternal throne,</div>
<div class='line'>And claim the crown, through Christ my own.</div>
</div>
<div style='height:40px'></div>
</body></html>
