<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=UTF-8"/>
<title>Hymn 0304</title>
<link href='../stylesheet.css' rel='stylesheet' type='text/css'/>
</head>
<body>
<div style='text-align:center'>
<a href='0303.xhtml' class='hidden_a'><b> &lt; </b></a>
<a href='../nav/nav_0000.xhtml' class='hidden_a'>
E<b>304</b> C<b>-</b> K<b>-</b> S<b>-</b>
</a>
 <a href='0305.xhtml' class='hidden_a'><b> &gt; </b></a>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>1</b> How should the Lord keep back His sword from blood?</div>
<div class='line'>"The soul that sinneth it shall surely die:"</div>
<div class='line'>But ah, can Justice make His counsels good?</div>
<div class='line'>Can Law bring in the glory from on high?</div>
<div class='line'>Grace must provide a Lamb - a Ransom find;</div>
<div class='line'>Redeem by One whom death no more may bind.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>2</b> "One poor wise man" hath cried, O God, to Thee;</div>
<div class='line'>His blood is counted precious in Thy sight.</div>
<div class='line'>He liveth, and His name shall ever be</div>
<div class='line'>Thy praise, Thy glory, Thy supreme delight.</div>
<div class='line'>By Jesus' blood - that new and living way -</div>
<div class='line'>God's priests shall now within the holiest stay.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>3</b> The blood of bulls and goats for ages failed</div>
<div class='line'>To purge the conscience, burdened sore with sins;</div>
<div class='line'>Thy precious blood, O Lamb of God, prevailed -</div>
<div class='line'>Through Thee, sweet Peace her endless reign begins.</div>
<div class='line'>Thy blood hath made redemption e'en for me;</div>
<div class='line'>Complete I stand, O risen Christ, in Thee.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>4</b> The precious blood of Christ, it speaketh peace</div>
<div class='line'>To guilty sinners, groaning 'neath their load;</div>
<div class='line'>To captive spirits it proclaims release,</div>
<div class='line'>And Pharaoh's slaves become the "hosts of God."</div>
<div class='line'>His flesh is meat - His blood is drink indeed;</div>
<div class='line'>He died, He rose, His people's cause to plead.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>5</b> Oh, precious blood! Poured freely forth for me,</div>
<div class='line'>My sins are sunk beneath thy crimson tide.</div>
<div class='line'>No more before th' Avenger's sword I flee!</div>
<div class='line'>Christ is the Refuge-City, where I hide.</div>
<div class='line'>My life's dark page, blood-sprinkled, gleameth white;</div>
<div class='line'>My name shines forth in heaven in words of light.</div>
</div>
<div style='height:40px'></div>
</body></html>
