<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=UTF-8"/>
<title>Hymn 0389</title>
<link href='../stylesheet.css' rel='stylesheet' type='text/css'/>
</head>
<body>
<div style='text-align:center'>
<a href='0388.xhtml' class='hidden_a'><b> &lt; </b></a>
<a href='../nav/nav_0000.xhtml' class='hidden_a'>
E<b>389</b> C<b>290</b> K<b>290</b> S<b>171</b>
</a>
 <a href='0390.xhtml' class='hidden_a'><b> &gt; </b></a>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>1</b> Lord Jesus, I long in Thy presence to live,</div>
<div class='line'>From morning to evening my one world Thou art;</div>
<div class='line'>O let not my heart be contented or rest</div>
<div class='line'>When loving or seeking what with Thee doth part.</div>
<div class='line'>Each moment, each day, throughout suff'ring and pain,</div>
<div class='line'>When nought in the world can give comfort or cheer,</div>
<div class='line'>When sighing and weeping encompasses me,</div>
<div class='line'>Lord, still all my sighing and wipe every tear.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>2</b> Each time when I dream of the goodness of life,</div>
<div class='line'>I pray Thee, dear Lord, that Thou in it may be;</div>
<div class='line'>O do not allow me to choose by myself,</div>
<div class='line'>Nor seek any pleasure that's other than Thee.</div>
<div class='line'>Each night when alone in the stillness I lie,</div>
<div class='line'>I pray Thee, Lord Jesus, that Thou wilt be near;</div>
<div class='line'>Each morning ere dawn comes, while still in my sleep,</div>
<div class='line'>Then whispering call me and open my ear.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>3</b> Each time, Lord, when reading in Thy holy Word,</div>
<div class='line'>I pray that Thy glory may shine on each line,</div>
<div class='line'>That clearly I'll see what a Savior I have</div>
<div class='line'>And how great salvation that Thou hast made mine.</div>
<div class='line'>When helpless I come, Lord, to kneel at Thy throne,</div>
<div class='line'>I pray Thee to hear me and grant me Thy grace;</div>
<div class='line'>If thru my shortcomings Thou hear not my prayer,</div>
<div class='line'>Withdraw not Thy presence, O hide not Thy face.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>4</b> Each time when of heavenly blessings I think,</div>
<div class='line'>O let my heart long to be raptured to Thee;</div>
<div class='line'>My only hope here is Thy coming again,</div>
<div class='line'>My only joy there, Lord, Thy presence will be.</div>
<div class='line'>Lord, teach me each day in Thy presence to live,</div>
<div class='line'>From morning to evening my one world Thou art;</div>
<div class='line'>O let not my heart be contented or rest</div>
<div class='line'>When loving or seeking what with Thee doth part.</div>
</div>
<div style='height:40px'></div>
</body></html>
