<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=UTF-8"/>
<title>Hymn 0412</title>
<link href='../stylesheet.css' rel='stylesheet' type='text/css'/>
</head>
<body>
<div style='text-align:center'>
<a href='0411.xhtml' class='hidden_a'><b> &lt; </b></a>
<a href='../nav/nav_0000.xhtml' class='hidden_a'>
E<b>412</b> C<b>309</b> K<b>309</b> S<b>179</b>
</a>
 <a href='0413.xhtml' class='hidden_a'><b> &gt; </b></a>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>1</b> Lord, reveal Thyself to me,</div>
<div class='line'>That the flesh I'll fully know;</div>
<div class='line'>May Thy grace so work in me,</div>
<div class='line'>That in dust I'll lowly bow.</div>
<div class='line'>How I long for victory,</div>
<div class='line'>Yet, thru all my life, how weak!</div>
<div class='line'>Evil things I cannot leave,</div>
<div class='line'>Nor can do the good I seek.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>2</b> Inwardly I want the Lord,</div>
<div class='line'>But my conduct hateful is;</div>
<div class='line'>Though I would, I cannot change,</div>
<div class='line'>O what real bondage 'tis!</div>
<div class='line'>By God's law my sin's revealed,</div>
<div class='line'>But the law of sin doth bind;</div>
<div class='line'>Though I struggle to be free,</div>
<div class='line'>No release my soul can find.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>3</b> Many times I fall and rise,</div>
<div class='line'>Oft resolve, and often fail;</div>
<div class='line'>Craving vict'ry, I retreat,</div>
<div class='line'>And my sad defeat bewail.</div>
<div class='line'>Truly I am sold to sin</div>
<div class='line'>And completely powerless;</div>
<div class='line'>There's no good within my flesh,</div>
<div class='line'>All is dark and sinfulness.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>4</b> Now I know myself in part,</div>
<div class='line'>And confess my helplessness;</div>
<div class='line'>All my temperament is odd,</div>
<div class='line'>All my life corrupted is.</div>
<div class='line'>Subtle self I cannot trust,</div>
<div class='line'>Nor to fleshly strength can cling;</div>
<div class='line'>All my trust and all my hope</div>
<div class='line'>Is in Jesus Christ my King.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>5</b> May the Cross put me to death</div>
<div class='line'>That on Christ I may rely;</div>
<div class='line'>May His Holy Spirit fill,</div>
<div class='line'>That Himself I may apply.</div>
<div class='line'>May His death so work in me</div>
<div class='line'>Daily deeper than before,</div>
<div class='line'>That my self may be destroyed</div>
<div class='line'>And His life thru me may pour.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>6</b> O how bitter is my case!</div>
<div class='line'>Who this wretched slave can free,</div>
<div class='line'>Who deliver from this death,</div>
<div class='line'>To a life of victory?</div>
<div class='line'>Jesus shed His blood for me,</div>
<div class='line'>Christ is now my holiness;</div>
<div class='line'>I receive Him as my life</div>
<div class='line'>And my portion measureless.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>7</b> Now I'm wholly sanctified,</div>
<div class='line'>Selfless, I obey His word;</div>
<div class='line'>Nevermore to feel ashamed</div>
<div class='line'>When I come before the Lord.</div>
<div class='line'>How transcendent is this life!</div>
<div class='line'>Praise the Lord, He heard my cry</div>
<div class='line'>And has made me wholly free.</div>
</div>
<div style='height:40px'></div>
</body></html>
