<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=UTF-8"/>
<title>Hymn 0415</title>
<link href='../stylesheet.css' rel='stylesheet' type='text/css'/>
</head>
<body>
<div style='text-align:center'>
<a href='0414.xhtml' class='hidden_a'><b> &lt; </b></a>
<a href='../nav/nav_0000.xhtml' class='hidden_a'>
E<b>415</b> C<b>314</b> K<b>314</b> S<b>-</b>
</a>
 <a href='0416.xhtml' class='hidden_a'><b> &gt; </b></a>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>1</b> There is a foe whose hidden pow'r</div>
<div class='line'>The Christian well my fear,</div>
<div class='line'>More subtle far than inbred sin,</div>
<div class='line'>And to the heart more dear.</div>
<div class='line'>It is the pow'r of selfishness,</div>
<div class='line'>It is the willful I,</div>
<div class='line'>And ere my Lord can live in me,</div>
<div class='line'>My very self must die.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>2</b> There is, like Anak's sons of old,</div>
<div class='line'>A race of giants still:</div>
<div class='line'>Self-glorying, self-confidence,</div>
<div class='line'>Self-seeking and self-will.</div>
<div class='line'>Still must these haughty Anakims</div>
<div class='line'>By Caleb's sword be slain,</div>
<div class='line'>Ere Hebron's heights of heav'nly love,</div>
<div class='line'>Our conqu'ring feet can gain.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>3</b> Oh, save me from self-will, dear Lord,</div>
<div class='line'>Which claims Thy sacred throne;</div>
<div class='line'>Oh! Let my will be lost in Thine,</div>
<div class='line'>And let Thy will be done.</div>
<div class='line'>Oh, keep me from self-confidence,</div>
<div class='line'>And self-sufficiency;</div>
<div class='line'>Let me exchange my strength for Thine,</div>
<div class='line'>And lean alone on Thee.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>4</b> Oh, save me from self-seeking, Lord,</div>
<div class='line'>Let me not be my own;</div>
<div class='line'>A living sacrifice I come,</div>
<div class='line'>Lord, keep me Thine alone.</div>
<div class='line'>From proud vain glory save me, Lord,</div>
<div class='line'>From pride of praise and fame;</div>
<div class='line'>To Christ be all the honor given,</div>
<div class='line'>The glory to His name.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>5</b> Oh, Savior, slay the self in me</div>
<div class='line'>By Thy consuming breath;</div>
<div class='line'>Show me Thy heart, Thy wounds, Thy shame,</div>
<div class='line'>That self be put to death.</div>
<div class='line'>When the Shekinah flame came down,</div>
<div class='line'>E'en Moses could not stay;</div>
<div class='line'>So let Thy glory fill me now,</div>
<div class='line'>And self forever slay.</div>
</div>
<div style='height:40px'></div>
</body></html>
