<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=UTF-8"/>
<title>Hymn 0423</title>
<link href='../stylesheet.css' rel='stylesheet' type='text/css'/>
</head>
<body>
<div style='text-align:center'>
<a href='0422.xhtml' class='hidden_a'><b> &lt; </b></a>
<a href='../nav/nav_0000.xhtml' class='hidden_a'>
E<b>423</b> C<b>321</b> K<b>321</b> S<b>-</b>
</a>
 <a href='0424.xhtml' class='hidden_a'><b> &gt; </b></a>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>1</b> Thou hidden love of God, whose height,</div>
<div class='line'>Whose depth unfathomed no man knows,</div>
<div class='line'>I see from far Thy beauteous light,</div>
<div class='line'>Inly I sigh for Thy repose;</div>
<div class='line'>My heart is pained, nor can it be</div>
<div class='line'>At rest, till it finds rest in Thee.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>2</b> Thy secret voice invites me still</div>
<div class='line'>The sweetness of Thy yoke to prove;</div>
<div class='line'>And fain I would: but though my will</div>
<div class='line'>Seems fixed, yet wide my passion rove;</div>
<div class='line'>Yet hindrances strew all the way;</div>
<div class='line'>I aim at Thee, yet from Thee stray.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>3</b> 'Tis mercy all, that Thou hast brought</div>
<div class='line'>My mind to seek her peace in Thee;</div>
<div class='line'>Yet, while I seek but find Thee not,</div>
<div class='line'>No peace my wand'ring soul shall see.</div>
<div class='line'>Oh, when shall all my wand'rings end,</div>
<div class='line'>And all my steps to Thee-ward tend!</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>4</b> Is there a thing beneath the sun</div>
<div class='line'>That strives with Thee my heart to share?</div>
<div class='line'>Ah! Tear it thence, and reign alone,</div>
<div class='line'>The Lord of every motion there.</div>
<div class='line'>Then shall my heart from earth be free,</div>
<div class='line'>When it has found repose in Thee.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>5</b> Oh, hide this self from me, that I</div>
<div class='line'>No more, but Christ in me may live;</div>
<div class='line'>My vile affections mortify,</div>
<div class='line'>Nor let one darling sin survive.</div>
<div class='line'>In all things nothing may I see,</div>
<div class='line'>Nothing desire or seek but Thee.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>6</b> O Lord, Thy sovereign aid impart,</div>
<div class='line'>To save me from low-thoughted care;</div>
<div class='line'>Chase this self-will through all my heart,</div>
<div class='line'>Through all its latent mazes there.</div>
<div class='line'>Make me Thy duteous child, that I</div>
<div class='line'>Ceaseless may Abba, Father, cry.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>7</b> Each moment draw from earth away</div>
<div class='line'>My heart which lowly waits Thy call;</div>
<div class='line'>Speak to my inmost soul and say.</div>
<div class='line'>"I am Thy Love, Thy God, Thy All."</div>
<div class='line'>To feel Thy power, to hear Thy voice,</div>
<div class='line'>To taste Thy love, be all my choice.</div>
</div>
<div style='height:40px'></div>
</body></html>
