<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=UTF-8"/>
<title>Hymn 0437</title>
<link href='../stylesheet.css' rel='stylesheet' type='text/css'/>
</head>
<body>
<div style='text-align:center'>
<a href='0436.xhtml' class='hidden_a'><b> &lt; </b></a>
<a href='../nav/nav_0000.xhtml' class='hidden_a'>
E<b>437</b> C<b>333</b> K<b>333</b> S<b>186</b>
</a>
 <a href='0438.xhtml' class='hidden_a'><b> &gt; </b></a>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>1</b> Hast thou heard Him, seen Him, known Him?</div>
<div class='line'>Is not thine a captured heart?</div>
<div class='line'>Chief among ten thousand own Him;</div>
<div class='line'>Joyful choose the better part.</div>
</div>
<div class='chorus'>
<div class='line'>Captivated by His beauty,</div>
<div class='line'>Worthy tribute haste to bring;</div>
<div class='line'>Let His peerless worth constrain thee,</div>
<div class='line'>Crown Him now unrivaled King.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>2</b> Idols once they won thee, charmed thee,</div>
<div class='line'>Lovely things of time and sense;</div>
<div class='line'>Gilded thus does sin disarm thee,</div>
<div class='line'>Honeyed lest thou turn thee thence.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>3</b> What has stripped the seeming beauty</div>
<div class='line'>From the idols of the earth?</div>
<div class='line'>Not a sense of right or duty,</div>
<div class='line'>But the sight of peerless worth.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>4</b> Not the crushing of those idols,</div>
<div class='line'>With its bitter void and smart;</div>
<div class='line'>But the beaming of His beauty,</div>
<div class='line'>The unveiling of His heart.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>5</b> Who extinguishes their taper</div>
<div class='line'>Till they hail the rising sun?</div>
<div class='line'>Who discards the garb of winter</div>
<div class='line'>Till the summer has begun?</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>6</b> 'Tis that look that melted Peter,</div>
<div class='line'>'Tis that face that Stephen saw,</div>
<div class='line'>'Tis that heart that wept with Mary,</div>
<div class='line'>Can alone from idols draw:</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>7</b> Draw and win and fill completely,</div>
<div class='line'>Till the cup o'erflow the brim;</div>
<div class='line'>What have we to do with idols</div>
<div class='line'>Who have companied with Him?</div>
</div>
<div style='height:40px'></div>
</body></html>
