<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=UTF-8"/>
<title>Hymn 0488</title>
<link href='../stylesheet.css' rel='stylesheet' type='text/css'/>
</head>
<body>
<div style='text-align:center'>
<a href='0487.xhtml' class='hidden_a'><b> &lt; </b></a>
<a href='../nav/nav_0000.xhtml' class='hidden_a'>
E<b>488</b> C<b>361</b> K<b>361</b> S<b>203</b>
</a>
 <a href='0489.xhtml' class='hidden_a'><b> &gt; </b></a>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>1</b> Lord, Thou hast shown the mystery,</div>
<div class='line'>How on the Cross I died with Thee;</div>
<div class='line'>I need no other pow'r or way</div>
<div class='line'>That I may triumph day by day.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>2</b> That cross of Thine is also mine,</div>
<div class='line'>Into my life its light doth shine;</div>
<div class='line'>When I believe I'm dead with Thee,</div>
<div class='line'>The world has lost it pow'r o'er me.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>3</b> Since I am crucified with Thee,</div>
<div class='line'>From sin and self I am set free;</div>
<div class='line'>How can I still enjoy the world</div>
<div class='line'>Or seek its vanities unfurled?</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>4</b> I take my place, dear Lord, with Thee</div>
<div class='line'>Upon the cross of Calvary.</div>
<div class='line'>Thy life and power then are mine,</div>
<div class='line'>Since Thou and I in oneness twine.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>5</b> Since Thou didst come to slay the foe,</div>
<div class='line'>His work and power to overthrow,</div>
<div class='line'>I too can overcome in Thee</div>
<div class='line'>And prove Thy mighty pow'r in me.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>6</b> Yet, for the vict'ry we rely</div>
<div class='line'>Upon the death which Thou didst die;</div>
<div class='line'>We tread the path which Thou hast trod</div>
<div class='line'>Until we reach the goal in God.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>7</b> My death with Thee I now believe</div>
<div class='line'>And all its meaning would receive.</div>
<div class='line'>Thy death more deeply show to me,</div>
<div class='line'>That from my flesh I may be free.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>8</b> I long to win as Thou hast won,</div>
<div class='line'>To reign with Thee when Thou dost come.</div>
<div class='line'>If we the cross will gladly bear,</div>
<div class='line'>Then in Thy glory we will share.</div>
</div>
<div style='height:40px'></div>
</body></html>
