<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=UTF-8"/>
<title>Hymn 0489</title>
<link href='../stylesheet.css' rel='stylesheet' type='text/css'/>
</head>
<body>
<div style='text-align:center'>
<a href='0488.xhtml' class='hidden_a'><b> &lt; </b></a>
<a href='../nav/nav_0000.xhtml' class='hidden_a'>
E<b>489</b> C<b>370</b> K<b>370</b> S<b>-</b>
</a>
 <a href='0490.xhtml' class='hidden_a'><b> &gt; </b></a>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>1</b> Oh, Jesus, Lord, when Thou on earth</div>
<div class='line'>Accompanied Thy faithful band,</div>
<div class='line'>It seemed they knew, but knew Thee not,</div>
<div class='line'>Thyself they did not understand.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>2</b> They heard Thy voice, beheld Thy form,</div>
<div class='line'>Thy beauteous stature unforgot;</div>
<div class='line'>They crowded 'round Thee, met Thy gaze,</div>
<div class='line'>But who Thou art, they knew it not.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>3</b> As they of old we too are veiled;</div>
<div class='line'>We've known Thee long apparently;</div>
<div class='line'>Yet if we say we know, at best</div>
<div class='line'>We know Thee not transparently.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>4</b> But as the Spirit now Thou art,</div>
<div class='line'>Another Comforter become;</div>
<div class='line'>Reveal Thyself within my heart,</div>
<div class='line'>Since to Thy temple Thou hast come.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>5</b> With Thy blest Spirit, Lord, fill me,</div>
<div class='line'>Fill every corner of my soul;</div>
<div class='line'>May Thou inspire my every part,</div>
<div class='line'>Oh may Thou touch, renew the whole.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>6</b> The Spirit then revealing make</div>
<div class='line'>Thyself more real within my heart,</div>
<div class='line'>That ear not hear, nor eye may see</div>
<div class='line'>How very real to me Thou art.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>7</b> When Thou in mercy dost reveal</div>
<div class='line'>And give Thyself as Spirit thus,</div>
<div class='line'>What in the world can be more real,</div>
<div class='line'>More true than what Thou art to us?</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>8</b> Thy Spirit, Lord, in mine, I pray,</div>
<div class='line'>O'erflow my being as a flood,</div>
<div class='line'>That every part with glory shine</div>
<div class='line'>And everywhere be Thee and God.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>9</b> How close we are in such a life,</div>
<div class='line'>In one is blended earth with heav'n;</div>
<div class='line'>Thy presence sweetly fills our souls;</div>
<div class='line'>Our hearts are to Thy praises giv'n.</div>
</div>
<div style='height:40px'></div>
</body></html>
