<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=UTF-8"/>
<title>Hymn 0501</title>
<link href='../stylesheet.css' rel='stylesheet' type='text/css'/>
</head>
<body>
<div style='text-align:center'>
<a href='0500.xhtml' class='hidden_a'><b> &lt; </b></a>
<a href='../nav/nav_0000.xhtml' class='hidden_a'>
E<b>501</b> C<b>382</b> K<b>382</b> S<b>215</b>
</a>
 <a href='0502.xhtml' class='hidden_a'><b> &gt; </b></a>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>1</b> O glorious Christ, Savior mine,</div>
<div class='line'>Thou art truly radiance divine;</div>
<div class='line'>God infinite, in eternity,</div>
<div class='line'>Yet man in time, finite to be.</div>
</div>
<div class='chorus'>
<div class='line'>Oh! Christ, expression of God, the Great,</div>
<div class='line'>Inexhaustible, rich, and sweet!</div>
<div class='line'>God mingled with humanity</div>
<div class='line'>Lives in me my all to be.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>2</b> The fulness of God dwells in Thee;</div>
<div class='line'>Thou dost manifest God's glory;</div>
<div class='line'>In flesh Thou hast redemption wrought;</div>
<div class='line'>As Spirit, oneness with me sought.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>3</b> All things of the Father are Thine;</div>
<div class='line'>All Thou art in Spirit is mine;</div>
<div class='line'>The Spirit makes Thee real to me,</div>
<div class='line'>That Thou experienced might be.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>4</b> The Spirit of life causes Thee</div>
<div class='line'>By Thy Word to transfer to me.</div>
<div class='line'>Thy Spirit touched, Thy Word received,</div>
<div class='line'>Thy life in me is thus conceived.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>5</b> In spirit while gazing on Thee,</div>
<div class='line'>As a glass reflecting Thy glory,</div>
<div class='line'>Like to Thyself transformed I'll be,</div>
<div class='line'>That Thou might be expressed thru me.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>6</b> In no other way could we be</div>
<div class='line'>Sanctified and share Thy vict'ry;</div>
<div class='line'>Thus only spiritual we'll be,</div>
<div class='line'>And touch the life of glory.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>7</b> Thy Spirit will me saturate,</div>
<div class='line'>Every part will God permeate,</div>
<div class='line'>Deliv'ring me from the old man,</div>
<div class='line'>With all saints building for His plan.</div>
</div>
<div style='height:40px'></div>
</body></html>
