<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=UTF-8"/>
<title>Hymn 0510</title>
<link href='../stylesheet.css' rel='stylesheet' type='text/css'/>
</head>
<body>
<div style='text-align:center'>
<a href='0509.xhtml' class='hidden_a'><b> &lt; </b></a>
<a href='../nav/nav_0000.xhtml' class='hidden_a'>
E<b>510</b> C<b>388</b> K<b>388</b> S<b>232</b>
</a>
 <a href='0511.xhtml' class='hidden_a'><b> &gt; </b></a>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>1</b> I've found the One of peerless worth,</div>
<div class='line'>My heart doth sing for joy;</div>
<div class='line'>And sing I must, for Christ I have:</div>
<div class='line'>Oh, what a Christ have I!</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>2</b> My Christ, He is the Lamb of God,</div>
<div class='line'>Who full salvation brings;</div>
<div class='line'>He is the Sun of Righteousness,</div>
<div class='line'>With healing in His wings.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>3</b> My Christ, He is the Tree of Life</div>
<div class='line'>With fruit abundant, sweet;</div>
<div class='line'>My hunger He doth satisfy;</div>
<div class='line'>Of Him I daily eat.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>4</b> My Christ, He is the smitten Rock</div>
<div class='line'>Whence living waters burst;</div>
<div class='line'>He is the fountain in my heart</div>
<div class='line'>Which quenches all my thirst.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>5</b> Christ is my life, my light my way,</div>
<div class='line'>My comfort and my health,</div>
<div class='line'>My peace, my rest, my joy, my hope,</div>
<div class='line'>My glory and my wealth.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>6</b> Christ is my wisdom and my pow'r,</div>
<div class='line'>My boast and righteousness,</div>
<div class='line'>My vict'ry and redemption sure,</div>
<div class='line'>My truth and holiness.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>7</b> Christ is my Savior, Shepherd, Lord,</div>
<div class='line'>My Advocate above,</div>
<div class='line'>My Counsellor, my Father, God,</div>
<div class='line'>My Brother, Friend, and Love.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>8</b> Christ is my Captain and my Guard,</div>
<div class='line'>My Teacher and my Guide,</div>
<div class='line'>My Bridegroom, Master and my Head;</div>
<div class='line'>In me doth He reside.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>9</b> Christ is my Prophet, Priest, and King;</div>
<div class='line'>My Prophet full of sight;</div>
<div class='line'>My Priest that stands 'twixt me and God,</div>
<div class='line'>My King that rules with might.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>10</b> Christ is the Author of my faith,</div>
<div class='line'>And its Perfecter too,</div>
<div class='line'>My Mediator, Guarantee,</div>
<div class='line'>And faithful Witness true.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>11</b> Christ is my everlasting home,</div>
<div class='line'>My all-sufficient land;</div>
<div class='line'>My fortress, tower, hiding-place,</div>
<div class='line'>And my eternal stand.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>12</b> Christ is my sabbath and new moon,</div>
<div class='line'>My morning and my day,</div>
<div class='line'>My age and my eternity</div>
<div class='line'>That ne'er will pass away.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>13</b> Christ is my trust and my desire,</div>
<div class='line'>In comeliness replete,</div>
<div class='line'>My satisfaction and delight,</div>
<div class='line'>Who all my need doth meet.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>14</b> My Christ, the all-inclusive One,</div>
<div class='line'>My Christ what shall I call?</div>
<div class='line'>He is the first, He is the last,</div>
<div class='line'>My Christ is All in all.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>15</b> Since such a treasure I possess,</div>
<div class='line'>My heart doth sing for joy;</div>
<div class='line'>And I must sing, and sing again;</div>
<div class='line'>Oh, what a Christ have I!</div>
</div>
<div style='height:40px'></div>
</body></html>
