<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=UTF-8"/>
<title>Hymn 0515</title>
<link href='../stylesheet.css' rel='stylesheet' type='text/css'/>
</head>
<body>
<div style='text-align:center'>
<a href='0514.xhtml' class='hidden_a'><b> &lt; </b></a>
<a href='../nav/nav_0000.xhtml' class='hidden_a'>
E<b>515</b> C<b>-</b> K<b>-</b> S<b>-</b>
</a>
 <a href='0516.xhtml' class='hidden_a'><b> &gt; </b></a>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>1</b> All is in Christ;</div>
<div class='line'>God's dear Son is Lord of all.</div>
<div class='line'>Jesus Christ is life's perfection,</div>
<div class='line'>Perfect love and perfect light.</div>
<div class='line'>Son of God, the true reflection</div>
<div class='line'>Of the Father's radiance bright.</div>
<div class='line'>All the treasures of God's riches,</div>
<div class='line'>All the secrets of His wisdom,</div>
<div class='line'>All in Christ are hid away.</div>
<div class='line'>Let His name be praised today!</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>2</b> All is in Christ;</div>
<div class='line'>God's dear Son is Lord of all.</div>
<div class='line'>Blessings are imparted to us</div>
<div class='line'>By the shameful cross He bore.</div>
<div class='line'>By His suffering inglorious</div>
<div class='line'>We have peace forevermore.</div>
<div class='line'>By the Cross we have forgiveness,</div>
<div class='line'>Life eternal, endless mercy.</div>
<div class='line'>By God's Son is freely giv'n</div>
<div class='line'>Everything in earth and heav'n.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>3</b> All is in Christ;</div>
<div class='line'>God's dear Son is Lord of all.</div>
<div class='line'>In me there is naught but weakness,</div>
<div class='line'>I am worthless, full of sin,</div>
<div class='line'>Stricken by its mortal sickness,</div>
<div class='line'>Lacking light and hope within.</div>
<div class='line'>Now in Christ I find abundant</div>
<div class='line'>Victory and strength and power.</div>
<div class='line'>Savior, come and live in me,</div>
<div class='line'>Come and make me rich in Thee.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>4</b> All is in Christ;</div>
<div class='line'>God's dear Son is Lord of all.</div>
<div class='line'>Savior, pardon my transgressions,</div>
<div class='line'>For my love is still so small;</div>
<div class='line'>Though I gave all my possessions,</div>
<div class='line'>This would profit scarce at all.</div>
<div class='line'>'Tis myself that Thou desirest;</div>
<div class='line'>So I give myself, dear Master;</div>
<div class='line'>No thing hast Thou kept from me -</div>
<div class='line'>Nor will I keep aught from Thee.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>5</b> All is in Christ;</div>
<div class='line'>Your whole self present to Him.</div>
<div class='line'>Vain your quest for lasting pleasure,</div>
<div class='line'>Wealth, success, and worldly fame;</div>
<div class='line'>Christ alone must be your treasure,</div>
<div class='line'>His resource your only claim.</div>
<div class='line'>Come, let Him disperse the famine</div>
<div class='line'>Of your arid, waste existence.</div>
<div class='line'>Let God's Son, th' Immortal King</div>
<div class='line'>Freely give you everything.</div>
</div>
<div style='height:40px'></div>
</body></html>
