<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=UTF-8"/>
<title>Hymn 0521</title>
<link href='../stylesheet.css' rel='stylesheet' type='text/css'/>
</head>
<body>
<div style='text-align:center'>
<a href='0520.xhtml' class='hidden_a'><b> &lt; </b></a>
<a href='../nav/nav_0000.xhtml' class='hidden_a'>
E<b>521</b> C<b>-</b> K<b>-</b> S<b>-</b>
</a>
 <a href='0522.xhtml' class='hidden_a'><b> &gt; </b></a>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>1</b> I thank Thee, Lord, that Thou hast shown,</div>
<div class='line'>And I begin to see,</div>
<div class='line'>What Thou canst be to all Thine own,</div>
<div class='line'>What they may be to Thee;</div>
<div class='line'>If only they will yield Thee all,</div>
<div class='line'>And trustingly obey Thy call.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>2</b> How wonderful! I never knew</div>
<div class='line'>That I might trust Thee so;</div>
<div class='line'>That Thou wouldst be so much to me,</div>
<div class='line'>In all the way I go,</div>
<div class='line'>That every need Thou wouldst supply,</div>
<div class='line'>And all my longings satisfy.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>3</b> I take Thee as my keeper now,</div>
<div class='line'>And I commit to Thee</div>
<div class='line'>My soul, my way, my works, my cause,</div>
<div class='line'>In Thy sole charge to be;</div>
<div class='line'>And my deposit, Thou, I know</div>
<div class='line'>Wilt guard secure from every foe.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>4</b> I take Thee for my peace, O Lord,</div>
<div class='line'>My heart to keep and fill,</div>
<div class='line'>Thine own great calm, amid earth's storms</div>
<div class='line'>Shall keep me always still;</div>
<div class='line'>And as Thy kingdom doth increase,</div>
<div class='line'>So shall Thine ever-deep'ning peace.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>5</b> I take Thee as my wisdom too,</div>
<div class='line'>For wisdom's sum Thou art;</div>
<div class='line'>Thou, who dost choose the foolish things,</div>
<div class='line'>Set me henceforth apart,</div>
<div class='line'>That I may speak and work for Thee</div>
<div class='line'>As Thou shalt work and speak in me.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>6</b> I take Thee, Lord, to be my all,</div>
<div class='line'>Since all Thou art is mine;</div>
<div class='line'>I nothing have, and nothing am;</div>
<div class='line'>That nothing, Lord, is Thine.</div>
<div class='line'>Thou shalt be everything to me,</div>
<div class='line'>In all things my sufficiency.</div>
</div>
<div style='height:40px'></div>
</body></html>
