<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=UTF-8"/>
<title>Hymn 0523</title>
<link href='../stylesheet.css' rel='stylesheet' type='text/css'/>
</head>
<body>
<div style='text-align:center'>
<a href='0522.xhtml' class='hidden_a'><b> &lt; </b></a>
<a href='../nav/nav_0000.xhtml' class='hidden_a'>
E<b>523</b> C<b>-</b> K<b>-</b> S<b>-</b>
</a>
 <a href='0524.xhtml' class='hidden_a'><b> &gt; </b></a>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>1</b> I have come to the Fountain of Life,</div>
<div class='line'>A fountain that flows from above;</div>
<div class='line'>I have passed from the waters of strife</div>
<div class='line'>And come to the Elim of love;</div>
<div class='line'>I have drunk of the heavenly well,</div>
<div class='line'>In the depths of my being it springs.</div>
<div class='line'>No mortal can measure or tell</div>
<div class='line'>The gladness the Comforter brings.</div>
</div>
<div class='chorus'>
<div class='line'>Oh, come to the Fountain of Life,</div>
<div class='line'>The fountain that never runs dry;</div>
<div class='line'>Oh, drink of the boundless supply,</div>
<div class='line'>For Christ is the Fountain of Life.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>2</b> I have come to the Fountain of Blood</div>
<div class='line'>That for guilt and uncleanness doth flow;</div>
<div class='line'>I have washed in its sin-cleansing flood</div>
<div class='line'>And my garments are whiter than snow.</div>
<div class='line'>I count not my righteousness mine -</div>
<div class='line'>'Tis Jesus that lives in my soul.</div>
<div class='line'>I partake of His nature divine,</div>
<div class='line'>And in Him I am perfectly whole.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>3</b> I have come to the Fountain of Health,</div>
<div class='line'>A boundless and endless supply;</div>
<div class='line'>'Tis a secret man's wisdom and wealth</div>
<div class='line'>Can never discover or buy.</div>
<div class='line'>But the secret my Lord hath revealed</div>
<div class='line'>In the fountain that flows from His side,</div>
<div class='line'>In the stripes by whose pain we are healed,</div>
<div class='line'>In Himself as He comes to abide.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>4</b> I have come to the Fountain of Joy;</div>
<div class='line'>His joy is the strength of my heart.</div>
<div class='line'>My delight is unmixed with alloy,</div>
<div class='line'>My sunshine can never depart.</div>
<div class='line'>The fig tree may wither and die,</div>
<div class='line'>Earth's pleasures and prospects decline;</div>
<div class='line'>But my fountains can never be dry -</div>
<div class='line'>My portion, my joy is divine.</div>
</div>
<div style='height:40px'></div>
</body></html>
