<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=UTF-8"/>
<title>Hymn 0529</title>
<link href='../stylesheet.css' rel='stylesheet' type='text/css'/>
</head>
<body>
<div style='text-align:center'>
<a href='0528.xhtml' class='hidden_a'><b> &lt; </b></a>
<a href='../nav/nav_0000.xhtml' class='hidden_a'>
E<b>529</b> C<b>396</b> K<b>396</b> S<b>-</b>
</a>
 <a href='0530.xhtml' class='hidden_a'><b> &gt; </b></a>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>1</b> How tedious and tasteless the hours</div>
<div class='line'>When Jesus no longer I see!</div>
<div class='line'>Sweet prospects, sweet birds and sweet flow'rs,</div>
<div class='line'>Have all lost their sweetness to me.</div>
<div class='line'>The midsummer sun shines but dim,</div>
<div class='line'>The fields strive in vain to look gay;</div>
<div class='line'>But when I am happy in Him</div>
<div class='line'>December's as pleasant as May.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>2</b> His name yields the richest perfume,</div>
<div class='line'>And sweeter than music His voice;</div>
<div class='line'>His presence disperses my gloom,</div>
<div class='line'>And makes all within me rejoice.</div>
<div class='line'>I should, were He always thus nigh,</div>
<div class='line'>Have nothing to wish or to fear;</div>
<div class='line'>No mortal so happy as I;</div>
<div class='line'>My summer would last all the year.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>3</b> Content with beholding His face,</div>
<div class='line'>My all to His pleasure resigned;</div>
<div class='line'>No changes of season or place,</div>
<div class='line'>Would make any change in my mind.</div>
<div class='line'>While blessed with a sense of His love,</div>
<div class='line'>A palace a toy would appear;</div>
<div class='line'>And prisons would palaces prove,</div>
<div class='line'>If Jesus would dwell with me there.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>4</b> My Lord, if indeed I am Thine,</div>
<div class='line'>If Thou art my sun and my song,</div>
<div class='line'>Say, why do I languish and pine?</div>
<div class='line'>And why are my winters so long?</div>
<div class='line'>Oh, drive these dark clouds from the sky,</div>
<div class='line'>Thy soul-cheering presence restore;</div>
<div class='line'>Or take me to Thee up on high,</div>
<div class='line'>Where winter and clouds are no more.</div>
</div>
<div style='height:40px'></div>
</body></html>
