<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=UTF-8"/>
<title>Hymn 0556</title>
<link href='../stylesheet.css' rel='stylesheet' type='text/css'/>
</head>
<body>
<div style='text-align:center'>
<a href='0555.xhtml' class='hidden_a'><b> &lt; </b></a>
<a href='../nav/nav_0000.xhtml' class='hidden_a'>
E<b>556</b> C<b>408</b> K<b>408</b> S<b>260</b>
</a>
 <a href='0557.xhtml' class='hidden_a'><b> &gt; </b></a>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>1</b> Thy name is sweet as ointment poured forth;</div>
<div class='line'>Better Thy love than wine, O draw Thou me!</div>
<div class='line'>If we the footsteps follow of the flock,</div>
<div class='line'>Entered Thy fellowship of love we'll be.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>2</b> He's my Beloved, I am His own love;</div>
<div class='line'>He draweth me, pursue I after Him.</div>
<div class='line'>Fragrant as myrrh, I'd hide Him in my heart;</div>
<div class='line'>Beauteous as henna, I'd be clothed with Him;</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>3</b> Bathe in His love, and of His fatness taste,</div>
<div class='line'>Lie on His breast, His sweetness there enjoy;</div>
<div class='line'>His love the banner, His affection shown</div>
<div class='line'>Tenderly soothes my heart to purest joy.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>4</b> Oh, my Beloved's mine, and I am His;</div>
<div class='line'>I am a lily and my Shepherd He;</div>
<div class='line'>May daybreak come, the shadows flee away,</div>
<div class='line'>Him on the mountains as a hart I'd see.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>5</b> Myrrh of the death with Him and frankincense,</div>
<div class='line'>The resurrection, permeate my heart;</div>
<div class='line'>North wind awake, and let the south wind blow,</div>
<div class='line'>Make my heart's garden pleasure to His heart.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>6</b> I'd be to Him a dove that's undefiled,</div>
<div class='line'>As a pure lily in His presence be,</div>
<div class='line'>His, wholly His, the joy of all His joys,</div>
<div class='line'>He wholly mine, the Song of songs to me.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>7</b> Fair as the moon, conformed to Him I'd be,</div>
<div class='line'>Clear as the sun, unto His stature grown;</div>
<div class='line'>For my Beloved, all to please His heart,</div>
<div class='line'>For my Beloved, that His life be shown.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>8</b> Thou art my life, and I Thine image real;</div>
<div class='line'>Love in such union is as death most strong,</div>
<div class='line'>Ne'er can it be destroyed or e'er replaced</div>
<div class='line'>Till Thou on spices mountains come ere long.</div>
</div>
<div style='height:40px'></div>
</body></html>
