<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=UTF-8"/>
<title>Hymn 0560</title>
<link href='../stylesheet.css' rel='stylesheet' type='text/css'/>
</head>
<body>
<div style='text-align:center'>
<a href='0559.xhtml' class='hidden_a'><b> &lt; </b></a>
<a href='../nav/nav_0000.xhtml' class='hidden_a'>
E<b>560</b> C<b>-</b> K<b>-</b> S<b>-</b>
</a>
 <a href='0561.xhtml' class='hidden_a'><b> &gt; </b></a>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>1</b> Come, O Thou Traveler unknown,</div>
<div class='line'>Whom still I hold but cannot see;</div>
<div class='line'>My company before is gone,</div>
<div class='line'>And I am left alone with Thee;</div>
<div class='line'>With Thee all night I mean to stay,</div>
<div class='line'>And wrestle till the break of day.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>2</b> I need not tell Thee who I am,</div>
<div class='line'>My sin and misery declare;</div>
<div class='line'>Thyself hast called me by my name,</div>
<div class='line'>Look on Thy hands, and read it there;</div>
<div class='line'>But who, I ask Thee, who art Thou?</div>
<div class='line'>Tell me Thy name, and tell me now.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>3</b> In vain Thou strugglest to get free;</div>
<div class='line'>I never will unloose my hold;</div>
<div class='line'>Art Thou the Man that died for me?</div>
<div class='line'>The secret of Thy love unfold;</div>
<div class='line'>Wrestling, I will not let Thee go,</div>
<div class='line'>Till I Thy name, Thy nature know.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>4</b> Yield to me now, for I am weak,</div>
<div class='line'>But confident in self-despair;</div>
<div class='line'>Speak to my heart, in blessings speak,</div>
<div class='line'>Be conquered by my instant prayer;</div>
<div class='line'>Speak, or Thou never hence shalt move,</div>
<div class='line'>And tell me if Thy name be Love.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>5</b> 'Tis Love! 'Tis Love! Thou diedst for me;</div>
<div class='line'>I hear Thy whisper in my heart;</div>
<div class='line'>The morning breaks, the shadows flee:</div>
<div class='line'>Pure, universal Love Thou art;</div>
<div class='line'>To me, to all Thy mercies move;</div>
<div class='line'>Thy nature and Thy name is Love.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>6</b> Lame as I am, I take the prey;</div>
<div class='line'>Hell, earth and sin, with ease o'ercome.</div>
<div class='line'>I leap for joy, pursue my way,</div>
<div class='line'>And, as a bounding hart, I run,</div>
<div class='line'>Through all eternity to prove</div>
<div class='line'>Thy nature and Thy name is Love.</div>
</div>
<div style='height:40px'></div>
</body></html>
