<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=UTF-8"/>
<title>Hymn 0564</title>
<link href='../stylesheet.css' rel='stylesheet' type='text/css'/>
</head>
<body>
<div style='text-align:center'>
<a href='0563.xhtml' class='hidden_a'><b> &lt; </b></a>
<a href='../nav/nav_0000.xhtml' class='hidden_a'>
E<b>564</b> C<b>-</b> K<b>-</b> S<b>264</b>
</a>
 <a href='0565.xhtml' class='hidden_a'><b> &gt; </b></a>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>1</b> I have learned the wondrous secret</div>
<div class='line'>Of abiding in the Lord;</div>
<div class='line'>I have tasted life's pure fountain,</div>
<div class='line'>I am drinking of His word;</div>
<div class='line'>I have found the strength and sweetness</div>
<div class='line'>Of abiding 'neath the blood;</div>
<div class='line'>I have lost myself in Jesus,</div>
<div class='line'>I am sinking into God.</div>
</div>
<div class='chorus'>
<div class='line'>I'm abiding in the Lord</div>
<div class='line'>And confiding in His word;</div>
<div class='line'>I am hiding in the bosom of His love.</div>
<div class='line'>Yes, abiding in the Lord</div>
<div class='line'>And confiding in His word,</div>
<div class='line'>I am hiding in the bosom of His love.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>2</b> I am crucified with Jesus,</div>
<div class='line'>And He lives and dwells with me;</div>
<div class='line'>I have ceased from all my struggling,</div>
<div class='line'>'Tis no longer I, but He.</div>
<div class='line'>All my will is yielding to Him,</div>
<div class='line'>And His Spirit reigns within;</div>
<div class='line'>And His precious blood each moment</div>
<div class='line'>Keeps me cleansed and free from sin.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>3</b> All my sicknesses I bring Him,</div>
<div class='line'>And He bears them all away;</div>
<div class='line'>All my fears and griefs I tell Him,</div>
<div class='line'>All my cares from day to day,</div>
<div class='line'>All my strength I draw from Jesus,</div>
<div class='line'>By His breath I live and move;</div>
<div class='line'>E'en His very mind He gives me,</div>
<div class='line'>And His faith, and life, and love.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>4</b> For my words I take His wisdom,</div>
<div class='line'>For my works His Spirit's power;</div>
<div class='line'>For my ways His ceaseless presence</div>
<div class='line'>Guards and guides me every hour.</div>
<div class='line'>Of my heart, He is the portion,</div>
<div class='line'>Of my joy the boundless spring;</div>
<div class='line'>Savior, Sanctifier, Healer,</div>
<div class='line'>Glorious Lord, and coming King.</div>
</div>
<div style='height:40px'></div>
</body></html>
