<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=UTF-8"/>
<title>Hymn 0571</title>
<link href='../stylesheet.css' rel='stylesheet' type='text/css'/>
</head>
<body>
<div style='text-align:center'>
<a href='0570.xhtml' class='hidden_a'><b> &lt; </b></a>
<a href='../nav/nav_0000.xhtml' class='hidden_a'>
E<b>571</b> C<b>-</b> K<b>633</b> S<b>-</b>
</a>
 <a href='0572.xhtml' class='hidden_a'><b> &gt; </b></a>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>1</b> Thou whose name is called Jesus,</div>
<div class='line'>Risen Lord of life and pow'r,</div>
<div class='line'>Oh, it is so sweet to trust Thee,</div>
<div class='line'>Every day and every hour;</div>
<div class='line'>Of Thy wondrous grace I sing,</div>
<div class='line'>Savior, Counsellor, and King.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>2</b> Thou canst keep my feet from falling,</div>
<div class='line'>Even my poor wayward feet;</div>
<div class='line'>Thou who dost present me faultless</div>
<div class='line'>In Thee - Righteousness complete;</div>
<div class='line'>Jesus, Lord, in knowing Thee,</div>
<div class='line'>Oh, what strength and victory.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>3</b> All the sin in me, my Savior,</div>
<div class='line'>Thou canst conquer and subdue;</div>
<div class='line'>With Thy sanctifying power</div>
<div class='line'>Permeate my spirit through;</div>
<div class='line'>Let Thy government increase,</div>
<div class='line'>Risen, crowned, Prince of Peace.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>4</b> Thou canst keep my upward looking,</div>
<div class='line'>Ever upward in Thy face;</div>
<div class='line'>Thou canst make me stand, upholden</div>
<div class='line'>By the greatness of Thy grace;</div>
<div class='line'>Every promise of Thy word</div>
<div class='line'>Now I claim from Thee, dear Lord.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>5</b> Oh! what joy to trust Thee, Jesus,</div>
<div class='line'>Mighty Victor o'er the grave,</div>
<div class='line'>And to learn amid earth's shadows</div>
<div class='line'>Thine unceasing power to save!</div>
<div class='line'>Only those who prove Thee know</div>
<div class='line'>What the grace Thou dost bestow.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>6</b> Make my life a bright outshining</div>
<div class='line'>Of Thy life, that all my see</div>
<div class='line'>Thine own resurrection power</div>
<div class='line'>Mightily put forth in me;</div>
<div class='line'>Ever let my heart become</div>
<div class='line'>Yet more consciously Thy home.</div>
</div>
<div style='height:40px'></div>
</body></html>
