<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=UTF-8"/>
<title>Hymn 0579</title>
<link href='../stylesheet.css' rel='stylesheet' type='text/css'/>
</head>
<body>
<div style='text-align:center'>
<a href='0578.xhtml' class='hidden_a'><b> &lt; </b></a>
<a href='../nav/nav_0000.xhtml' class='hidden_a'>
E<b>579</b> C<b>-</b> K<b>-</b> S<b>-</b>
</a>
 <a href='0580.xhtml' class='hidden_a'><b> &gt; </b></a>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>1</b> Jesus! I am resting, resting</div>
<div class='line'>In the joy of what Thou art;</div>
<div class='line'>I am finding out the greatness</div>
<div class='line'>Of Thy loving heart.</div>
<div class='line'>Thou hast bid me gaze upon Thee,</div>
<div class='line'>And Thy beauty fills my soul,</div>
<div class='line'>For, by Thy transforming power,</div>
<div class='line'>Thou hast made me whole.</div>
</div>
<div class='chorus'>
<div class='line'>Jesus! I am resting, resting</div>
<div class='line'>In the joy of what Thou art;</div>
<div class='line'>I am finding out the greatness</div>
<div class='line'>Of Thy loving heart.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>2</b> Oh, how great Thy loving kindness,</div>
<div class='line'>Vaster, broader than the sea;</div>
<div class='line'>Oh, how marvelous Thy goodness,</div>
<div class='line'>Lavished all on me!</div>
<div class='line'>Yes, I rest in Thee, Beloved,</div>
<div class='line'>Know what wealth of grace is Thine,</div>
<div class='line'>Know Thy certainty of promise,</div>
<div class='line'>And have made it mine.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>3</b> Simply trusting Thee, Lord Jesus,</div>
<div class='line'>I behold Thee as Thou art,</div>
<div class='line'>And Thy love, so pure, so changeless,</div>
<div class='line'>Satisfies my heart,</div>
<div class='line'>Satisfies its deepest longings,</div>
<div class='line'>Meets, supplies its every need,</div>
<div class='line'>Compasseth me round with blessings,</div>
<div class='line'>Thine is love indeed.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>4</b> Ever lift Thy face upon me,</div>
<div class='line'>As I work and wait for Thee;</div>
<div class='line'>Resting 'neath Thy smile, Lord Jesus,</div>
<div class='line'>Earth's dark shadows flee.</div>
<div class='line'>Brightness of my Father's glory,</div>
<div class='line'>Sunshine of my Father's face,</div>
<div class='line'>Keep me ever trusting, resting,</div>
<div class='line'>Fill me with Thy grace.</div>
</div>
<div style='height:40px'></div>
</body></html>
