<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=UTF-8"/>
<title>Hymn 0581</title>
<link href='../stylesheet.css' rel='stylesheet' type='text/css'/>
</head>
<body>
<div style='text-align:center'>
<a href='0580.xhtml' class='hidden_a'><b> &lt; </b></a>
<a href='../nav/nav_0000.xhtml' class='hidden_a'>
E<b>581</b> C<b>-</b> K<b>-</b> S<b>-</b>
</a>
 <a href='0582.xhtml' class='hidden_a'><b> &gt; </b></a>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>1</b> On Thee my heart is resting,</div>
<div class='line'>Ah, this is rest indeed:</div>
<div class='line'>What else, Almighty Savior,</div>
<div class='line'>Can a poor sinner need?</div>
<div class='line'>Thy light is all my wisdom,</div>
<div class='line'>Thy love is all my stay;</div>
<div class='line'>Thy coming back in glory,</div>
<div class='line'>Draws nearer every day.</div>
</div>
<div class='chorus'>
<div class='line'>On Thee my heart is resting,</div>
<div class='line'>Ah, this is rest indeed:</div>
<div class='line'>What else, Almighty Savior,</div>
<div class='line'>Can a poor sinner need?</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>2</b> My guilt is great, but greater</div>
<div class='line'>The mercy Thou dost give;</div>
<div class='line'>Thyself, a spotless Off'ring,</div>
<div class='line'>Hast died that I should live.</div>
<div class='line'>With Thee, my soul unfettered</div>
<div class='line'>Has risen from the dust;</div>
<div class='line'>Thy blood is all my treasure,</div>
<div class='line'>Thy word is all my trust.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>3</b> Through me, Thou gentle Master,</div>
<div class='line'>Thy purposes fulfil;</div>
<div class='line'>I yield myself forever</div>
<div class='line'>To Thy most holy will.</div>
<div class='line'>What though I be but weakness?</div>
<div class='line'>My strength is not in me;</div>
<div class='line'>The poorest of Thy people</div>
<div class='line'>Has all things, having Thee.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>4</b> When clouds are darkest round me,</div>
<div class='line'>Thou, Lord, art then most near,</div>
<div class='line'>My drooping faith to quicken,</div>
<div class='line'>My weary soul to cheer.</div>
<div class='line'>Safe nestling in Thy bosom,</div>
<div class='line'>I gaze upon Thy face;</div>
<div class='line'>In vain my foes would drive me</div>
<div class='line'>From Thee, my hiding-place.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>5</b> 'Tis Thou hast made me happy,</div>
<div class='line'>'Tis Thou hast set me free;</div>
<div class='line'>To whom shall I give glory</div>
<div class='line'>Forever, but to Thee?</div>
<div class='line'>Of earthly love and blessing</div>
<div class='line'>Should every stream run dry,</div>
<div class='line'>Thy grace shall still be with me,</div>
<div class='line'>Thy grace, to live and die.</div>
</div>
<div style='height:40px'></div>
</body></html>
