<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=UTF-8"/>
<title>Hymn 0589</title>
<link href='../stylesheet.css' rel='stylesheet' type='text/css'/>
</head>
<body>
<div style='text-align:center'>
<a href='0588.xhtml' class='hidden_a'><b> &lt; </b></a>
<a href='../nav/nav_0000.xhtml' class='hidden_a'>
E<b>589</b> C<b>434</b> K<b>434</b> S<b>269</b>
</a>
 <a href='0590.xhtml' class='hidden_a'><b> &gt; </b></a>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>1</b> God in heaven hath a treasure,</div>
<div class='line'>Riches none may count or tell;</div>
<div class='line'>Hath a deep eternal pleasure,</div>
<div class='line'>Christ the Son, He loveth well.</div>
<div class='line'>God hath here on earth a treasure,</div>
<div class='line'>None but He its price may know -</div>
<div class='line'>Deep, unfathomable pleasure,</div>
<div class='line'>Christ revealed in saints below.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>2</b> God in tongues of fire descending,</div>
<div class='line'>Chosen vessels thus to fill</div>
<div class='line'>With the treasure never ending,</div>
<div class='line'>Ever spent - unfailing still.</div>
<div class='line'>God's own hand the vessel filling</div>
<div class='line'>From the glory far above,</div>
<div class='line'>Longing hearts forever stilling</div>
<div class='line'>With the riches of His love.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>3</b> Thus though worn, and tried, and tempted,</div>
<div class='line'>Glorious calling, saint, is thine;</div>
<div class='line'>Let the Lord but find thee emptied,</div>
<div class='line'>Living branch in Christ the Vine!</div>
<div class='line'>Vessels of the world's despising,</div>
<div class='line'>Vessels weak and poor and base,</div>
<div class='line'>Bearing wealth God's heart is prizing,</div>
<div class='line'>Glory from Christ's blessed face.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>4</b> Oh to be but emptier, lowlier,</div>
<div class='line'>Mean, unnoticed - and unknown,</div>
<div class='line'>And to God a vessel holier,</div>
<div class='line'>Filled with Christ and Christ alone!</div>
<div class='line'>Naught of earth to cloud the glory,</div>
<div class='line'>Naught of self the light to dim,</div>
<div class='line'>Telling forth His wondrous story,</div>
<div class='line'>Emptied to be filled with Him.</div>
</div>
<div style='height:40px'></div>
</body></html>
