<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=UTF-8"/>
<title>Hymn 0593</title>
<link href='../stylesheet.css' rel='stylesheet' type='text/css'/>
</head>
<body>
<div style='text-align:center'>
<a href='0592.xhtml' class='hidden_a'><b> &lt; </b></a>
<a href='../nav/nav_0000.xhtml' class='hidden_a'>
E<b>593</b> C<b>435</b> K<b>435</b> S<b>271</b>
</a>
 <a href='0594.xhtml' class='hidden_a'><b> &gt; </b></a>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>1</b> All I have in Adam is but sin and death,</div>
<div class='line'>I in Christ inherit life and righteousness;</div>
<div class='line'>When in flesh abiding, Adam I express,</div>
<div class='line'>But when in the spirit Christ is manifest.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>2</b> When I am in Adam, though I may not sin,</div>
<div class='line'>Unto death, a sinner, sentenced I have been;</div>
<div class='line'>When in Christ I need not righteously to act,</div>
<div class='line'>I'm already righteous, justified in fact.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>3</b> In the flesh I need no effort to express</div>
<div class='line'>Marks of Adam's nature and its sinfulness;</div>
<div class='line'>In the spirit I need not to strive or strain,</div>
<div class='line'>I can live as He is and in spirit reign.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>4</b> Thru my death with Christ, from Adam I am free,</div>
<div class='line'>Thru my life with Christ, new life is given me!</div>
<div class='line'>Minding not the flesh, old Adam cannot move,</div>
<div class='line'>Minding just the spirit, life divine I prove.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>5</b> Minding just the spirit is God's saving way,</div>
<div class='line'>Minding just the spirit, Christ we will display;</div>
<div class='line'>Minding just the spirit, we can overcome,</div>
<div class='line'>Minding just the spirit, we the race may run.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>6</b> Minding just the spirit, we the cross will know,</div>
<div class='line'>And His resurrection pow'r thru us will flow;</div>
<div class='line'>Minding just the spirit, Christ will live thru me,</div>
<div class='line'>And His life within will reach maturity.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>7</b> In the spirit Christ is life and all to me,</div>
<div class='line'>Strengthening and blessing all-inclusively;</div>
<div class='line'>Living in the spirit, holiness I prove,</div>
<div class='line'>And the triune God within my heart doth move.</div>
</div>
<div style='height:40px'></div>
</body></html>
