<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=UTF-8"/>
<title>Hymn 0596</title>
<link href='../stylesheet.css' rel='stylesheet' type='text/css'/>
</head>
<body>
<div style='text-align:center'>
<a href='0595.xhtml' class='hidden_a'><b> &lt; </b></a>
<a href='../nav/nav_0000.xhtml' class='hidden_a'>
E<b>596</b> C<b>-</b> K<b>-</b> S<b>-</b>
</a>
 <a href='0597.xhtml' class='hidden_a'><b> &gt; </b></a>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>1</b> Mine is the earth, the worlds in all their fulness;</div>
<div class='line'>Mine, every ocean, river, plain, and hill;</div>
<div class='line'>Mine are the stars within the heaven's stillness,</div>
<div class='line'>Mine are the clouds that wander at their will.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>2</b> Mine is the spring, when blossoms sweet are blowing,</div>
<div class='line'>Wakened from slumb'ring neath the winter snow;</div>
<div class='line'>Mine, summer's wealth, with her bright colors glowing;</div>
<div class='line'>Mine is the fruit rich autumn doth bestow.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>3</b> Mine, all the things created: praise the Giver!</div>
<div class='line'>Fish, and all beasts, the birds upon the wing,</div>
<div class='line'>Sun-loving butterflies - now and forever;</div>
<div class='line'>Beauty and grace of every living thing.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>4</b> Mine, all things lovely, blessing every hour,</div>
<div class='line'>Wealth of creation, over and around;</div>
<div class='line'>Mine is the sun, with its life-giving power,</div>
<div class='line'>Mine is the music wonderful of sound.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>5</b> Mine are the pillars which cannot be shaken -</div>
<div class='line'>Truth in the Word, the Word that cannot fall.</div>
<div class='line'>Mine is the wisdom which great thoughts awaken</div>
<div class='line'>In a man's soul, that this life is not all.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>6</b> Knowledge as needed, skill in all the doing,</div>
<div class='line'>Mine, when kept closely for my Lord above;</div>
<div class='line'>Beauty and wisdom, living streams e'er flowing</div>
<div class='line'>Fresh from the springs of God, the God of love.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>7</b> Mine are the battles, triumph-shouts e'er ringing -</div>
<div class='line'>Joy of the warriors for the truth and right;</div>
<div class='line'>Mine are the trophies God's brave ones are bringing,</div>
<div class='line'>Heroes of faith and overcoming might.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>8</b> Mine, mercies granted, and each new awaking,</div>
<div class='line'>Every experience, and each soul that's won;</div>
<div class='line'>Mine, the confessions sinners poor are making,</div>
<div class='line'>Yea, I am joined with them, one in God's Son.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>9</b> One Lord in all, and all one in His Spirit,</div>
<div class='line'>Heavenly fellowship earth has not known;</div>
<div class='line'>Faith sees the riches we shall yet inherit,</div>
<div class='line'>Glorious treasure laid up for His own.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>10</b> All in the bounds of earth and sea and heaven,</div>
<div class='line'>Creation's wonders and Thy grace are stored:</div>
<div class='line'>Praise to Thee, Christ, for all the wealth</div>
<div class='line'>Thou'st given!</div>
<div class='line'>Poor in myself, but wealthy in the Lord!</div>
</div>
<div style='height:40px'></div>
</body></html>
