<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=UTF-8"/>
<title>Hymn 0598</title>
<link href='../stylesheet.css' rel='stylesheet' type='text/css'/>
</head>
<body>
<div style='text-align:center'>
<a href='0597.xhtml' class='hidden_a'><b> &lt; </b></a>
<a href='../nav/nav_0000.xhtml' class='hidden_a'>
E<b>598</b> C<b>440</b> K<b>440</b> S<b>-</b>
</a>
 <a href='0599.xhtml' class='hidden_a'><b> &gt; </b></a>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>1</b> All fair within those children of the light,</div>
<div class='line'>Though dark their brows beneath the desert sun;</div>
<div class='line'>Mysterious joys, far hidden from all sight,</div>
<div class='line'>The King of Glory giveth to each one;</div>
<div class='line'>No thought of man has pictured them,</div>
<div class='line'>No hand may touch that diadem;</div>
<div class='line'>Within God's light His own abide</div>
<div class='line'>With hidden glory glorified.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>2</b> To earthly eyes they are as Adam's race -</div>
<div class='line'>They wear the earthly form, and scars of pain</div>
<div class='line'>On them as on all sinners leave their trace;</div>
<div class='line'>Their outward needs are those of other men.</div>
<div class='line'>And theirs the forms of earthly life,</div>
<div class='line'>Theirs sleeping, waking, want, and strife,</div>
<div class='line'>Yet this they have that they despise</div>
<div class='line'>What fairest seems to earthly eyes.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>3</b> And inwardly their life is from above,</div>
<div class='line'>The Lord's Almighty Word hath quickened them;</div>
<div class='line'>Flames kindled from the everlasting Love,</div>
<div class='line'>The children of the New Jerusalem;</div>
<div class='line'>Their brethren are the saints in light,</div>
<div class='line'>And songs of sweetness infinite</div>
<div class='line'>They sing with them to God Most High,</div>
<div class='line'>A deep and wondrous melody.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>4</b> They walk upon the earth, and dwell in heaven,</div>
<div class='line'>Though pow'rless, guard the world with arms unseen;</div>
<div class='line'>Deep peace to them in midst of strife is given,</div>
<div class='line'>And all they wish they have, though poor and mean.</div>
<div class='line'>Storms beat them, but may not destroy,</div>
<div class='line'>Fast rooted in eternal joy;</div>
<div class='line'>They walk as in the shade of death,</div>
<div class='line'>Yet living on in silent faith.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>5</b> When Christ their Life shall be made manifest,</div>
<div class='line'>When He shall come with all His pow'r to rule,</div>
<div class='line'>Their glory, hidden long, shall be confessed;</div>
<div class='line'>Arise and shine! O bright and beautiful!</div>
<div class='line'>With Christ ye shall ascend on high,</div>
<div class='line'>Victorious in His victory -</div>
<div class='line'>The hidden light shall shine afar,</div>
<div class='line'>Each saint an everlasting star.</div>
</div>
<div style='height:40px'></div>
</body></html>
