<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=UTF-8"/>
<title>Hymn 0602</title>
<link href='../stylesheet.css' rel='stylesheet' type='text/css'/>
</head>
<body>
<div style='text-align:center'>
<a href='0601.xhtml' class='hidden_a'><b> &lt; </b></a>
<a href='../nav/nav_0000.xhtml' class='hidden_a'>
E<b>602</b> C<b>443</b> K<b>443</b> S<b>284</b>
</a>
 <a href='0603.xhtml' class='hidden_a'><b> &gt; </b></a>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>1</b> O how glorious! O how holy!</div>
<div class='line'>God is the eternal life!</div>
<div class='line'>Full, unlimited, and pow'rful,</div>
<div class='line'>Pure, and merciful, and bright!</div>
<div class='line'>In this life are all His riches,</div>
<div class='line'>All His nature, love and light.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>2</b> O how loving! O how gracious!</div>
<div class='line'>God Himself is life to man!</div>
<div class='line'>He in man hath made a spirit</div>
<div class='line'>That He might fulfill His plan.</div>
<div class='line'>'Tis His heart's delight and longing</div>
<div class='line'>E'er to be received by man.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>3</b> O what love and grace unbounded!</div>
<div class='line'>God as life to man doth flow!</div>
<div class='line'>He no more is hid in secret</div>
<div class='line'>But Himself to man doth show,</div>
<div class='line'>First in flesh and then as Spirit</div>
<div class='line'>That His life all men may know.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>4</b> How approachable! How near us!</div>
<div class='line'>God in Christ our life to be!</div>
<div class='line'>Christ is God in flesh incarnate,</div>
<div class='line'>Manifest for man to see.</div>
<div class='line'>Died and risen, now He enters</div>
<div class='line'>Into man, his life to be.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>5</b> O what wonder! As the Spirit</div>
<div class='line'>God as life to man is shown!</div>
<div class='line'>'Tis His other transformation,</div>
<div class='line'>He as Spirit thus is know;</div>
<div class='line'>Men convicting and inspiring,</div>
<div class='line'>He within them makes His home.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>6</b> O how glorious! O how precious!</div>
<div class='line'>Thus the triune God to know!</div>
<div class='line'>First the Father in the Son came,</div>
<div class='line'>Now the Son as Spirit flows.</div>
<div class='line'>When in man the Spirit enters</div>
<div class='line'>God as life He doth bestow.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>7</b> How mysterious, yet how real!</div>
<div class='line'>God Himself now flows in me!</div>
<div class='line'>In my heart, with me in oneness,</div>
<div class='line'>He has come my life to be.</div>
<div class='line'>Hallelujah! Hallelujah!</div>
<div class='line'>I will praise unceasingly!</div>
</div>
<div style='height:40px'></div>
</body></html>
