<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=UTF-8"/>
<title>Hymn 0606</title>
<link href='../stylesheet.css' rel='stylesheet' type='text/css'/>
</head>
<body>
<div style='text-align:center'>
<a href='0605.xhtml' class='hidden_a'><b> &lt; </b></a>
<a href='../nav/nav_0000.xhtml' class='hidden_a'>
E<b>606</b> C<b>445</b> K<b>445</b> S<b>-</b>
</a>
 <a href='0607.xhtml' class='hidden_a'><b> &gt; </b></a>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>1</b> Oh, how the thought of God attracts</div>
<div class='line'>And draws the heart from earth,</div>
<div class='line'>And sickens it of passing shows</div>
<div class='line'>And dissipating mirth!</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>2</b> 'Tis not enough to save our souls,</div>
<div class='line'>To shun th' eternal fires;</div>
<div class='line'>The thought of God will rouse the heart</div>
<div class='line'>To more sublime desires.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>3</b> God only is the creature's home,</div>
<div class='line'>Though rough and straight the road;</div>
<div class='line'>Yet nothing less can satisfy</div>
<div class='line'>The love that longs for God.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>4</b> Oh, utter but the Name of God</div>
<div class='line'>Down in your heart of hearts,</div>
<div class='line'>And see how from the world at once</div>
<div class='line'>All tempting light departs.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>5</b> A trusting heart, a yearning eye,</div>
<div class='line'>Can win their way above;</div>
<div class='line'>If mountains can be moved by faith,</div>
<div class='line'>Is there less power in love?</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>6</b> How little of that road, my soul!</div>
<div class='line'>How little hast thou gone!</div>
<div class='line'>Take heart, and let the thought of God</div>
<div class='line'>Allure thee further on.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>7</b> The freedom from all willful sin,</div>
<div class='line'>The Christian's daily task;</div>
<div class='line'>Oh! These are graces far below</div>
<div class='line'>What longing love would ask!</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>8</b> The perfect way is hard to flesh;</div>
<div class='line'>It is not hard to love;</div>
<div class='line'>If thou wert sick from want of God,</div>
<div class='line'>How swiftly wouldst thou move!</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>9</b> Then keep thy conscience sensitive;</div>
<div class='line'>No inward token miss:</div>
<div class='line'>And go where grace entices thee -</div>
<div class='line'>Perfection lies in this.</div>
</div>
<div style='height:40px'></div>
</body></html>
