<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=UTF-8"/>
<title>Hymn 0609</title>
<link href='../stylesheet.css' rel='stylesheet' type='text/css'/>
</head>
<body>
<div style='text-align:center'>
<a href='0608.xhtml' class='hidden_a'><b> &lt; </b></a>
<a href='../nav/nav_0000.xhtml' class='hidden_a'>
E<b>609</b> C<b>448</b> K<b>448</b> S<b>288</b>
</a>
 <a href='0610.xhtml' class='hidden_a'><b> &gt; </b></a>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>1</b> I praise Thee for Thy mystery,</div>
<div class='line'>That I may truly contact Thee;</div>
<div class='line'>In unapproachable light Thou wast</div>
<div class='line'>But now as Spirit nigh to me.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>2</b> The Father, Son, and Spirit, Thou,</div>
<div class='line'>The triune God, my life fore'er;</div>
<div class='line'>In me Thou art the full supply</div>
<div class='line'>That I Thy holy nature share.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>3</b> The triune God the Spirit is,</div>
<div class='line'>And comes as breath and wind to me;</div>
<div class='line'>'Tis thus I may experience</div>
<div class='line'>The Godhead's wondrous mystery.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>4</b> All that the Father is and has</div>
<div class='line'>In His beloved Son doth rest,</div>
<div class='line'>And all the riches of the Son</div>
<div class='line'>Are by the Spirit now possessed.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>5</b> The Spirit doth descend on me</div>
<div class='line'>And to my spirit enters in,</div>
<div class='line'>That He, the Father in the Son,</div>
<div class='line'>My blessed portion be within.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>6</b> The Father is the fountainhead,</div>
<div class='line'>The Son expression gives to Him;</div>
<div class='line'>The Spirit is His very flow,</div>
<div class='line'>As my reality within.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>7</b> The Father in the Son has come</div>
<div class='line'>That God to man Himself may show;</div>
<div class='line'>The Son as Spirit enters me</div>
<div class='line'>That God I inwardly may know.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>8</b> The Father purposed that the Son</div>
<div class='line'>Should be the first in everything;</div>
<div class='line'>The Son the Father takes as Head</div>
<div class='line'>And over all His headship brings.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>9</b> The Spirit perfectly desires</div>
<div class='line'>That Christ, the Son, be glorified,</div>
<div class='line'>And He reveals Him unto me,</div>
<div class='line'>That He be fully testified.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>10</b> Thy final form the Spirit is,</div>
<div class='line'>Our worship to receive within;</div>
<div class='line'>If I Thy riches would enjoy,</div>
<div class='line'>In spirit I must contact Him.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>11</b> If I in spirit worship Thee,</div>
<div class='line'>In spirit live, in spirit pray,</div>
<div class='line'>The Holy Spirit I will touch</div>
<div class='line'>And Thee enjoy in every way.</div>
</div>
<div style='height:40px'></div>
</body></html>
