<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=UTF-8"/>
<title>Hymn 0611</title>
<link href='../stylesheet.css' rel='stylesheet' type='text/css'/>
</head>
<body>
<div style='text-align:center'>
<a href='0610.xhtml' class='hidden_a'><b> &lt; </b></a>
<a href='../nav/nav_0000.xhtml' class='hidden_a'>
E<b>611</b> C<b>449</b> K<b>449</b> S<b>290</b>
</a>
 <a href='0612.xhtml' class='hidden_a'><b> &gt; </b></a>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>1</b> God's glorious substance Spirit is,</div>
<div class='line'>His essence, holy and divine;</div>
<div class='line'>To contact God and Him enjoy,</div>
<div class='line'>His Spirit I must touch with mine.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>2</b> The spirit is the innermost,</div>
<div class='line'>The part of man most deep and real;</div>
<div class='line'>If he would contact God in life,</div>
<div class='line'>'Tis with the spirit he must deal.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>3</b> The worship which the Father seeks</div>
<div class='line'>Is in the spirit's strength alone;</div>
<div class='line'>His Spirit into man's would come,</div>
<div class='line'>That His and man's may thus be one.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>4</b> When Spirit unto spirit calls</div>
<div class='line'>The two commingle and are one;</div>
<div class='line'>Man's spirit is the Spirit's home,</div>
<div class='line'>The Spirit doth man's life become.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>5</b> Man's spirit must God's Spirit touch</div>
<div class='line'>If in God's fulness he would live;</div>
<div class='line'>'Tis only with the spirit thus</div>
<div class='line'>That he to God may worship give.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>6</b> In ministry and fellowship</div>
<div class='line'>Man to the spirit we must bring;</div>
<div class='line'>All ministry should turn to prayer,</div>
<div class='line'>Spirit to spirit answering.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>7</b> In spirit we must pray and serve,</div>
<div class='line'>In spirit touch the life divine,</div>
<div class='line'>In spirit grow, in spirit build,</div>
<div class='line'>That Christ thru us may fully shine.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>8</b> Lord, to the spirit I would turn</div>
<div class='line'>And learn to truly contact Thee;</div>
<div class='line'>Thy Spirit thus will flow with mine</div>
<div class='line'>And overflow eternally.</div>
</div>
<div style='height:40px'></div>
</body></html>
