<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=UTF-8"/>
<title>Hymn 0617</title>
<link href='../stylesheet.css' rel='stylesheet' type='text/css'/>
</head>
<body>
<div style='text-align:center'>
<a href='0616.xhtml' class='hidden_a'><b> &lt; </b></a>
<a href='../nav/nav_0000.xhtml' class='hidden_a'>
E<b>617</b> C<b>-</b> K<b>-</b> S<b>-</b>
</a>
 <a href='0618.xhtml' class='hidden_a'><b> &gt; </b></a>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>1</b> Thou sweet, beloved will of God,</div>
<div class='line'>My anchor ground, my fortress hill,</div>
<div class='line'>My spirit's silent, fair abode,</div>
<div class='line'>In Thee I hide me and am still.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>2</b> O Will, that willest good alone,</div>
<div class='line'>Lead Thou the way, Thou guidest best;</div>
<div class='line'>A little child, I follow on,</div>
<div class='line'>And, trusting, lean upon Thy breast.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>3</b> God's will doth make the bitter sweet,</div>
<div class='line'>And all is well when it is done;</div>
<div class='line'>Unless His will doth hallow it,</div>
<div class='line'>The glory of all joy is gone.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>4</b> Thy beautiful sweet will, my God,</div>
<div class='line'>Hold fast in its sublime embrace</div>
<div class='line'>My captive will, a gladsome bird,</div>
<div class='line'>Prisoned in such a realm of grace.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>5</b> Within this place of certain good</div>
<div class='line'>Love evermore expands her wings,</div>
<div class='line'>Or nestling in Thy perfect choice,</div>
<div class='line'>Abides content with what it brings.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>6</b> Oh, lightest burden, sweetest yoke;</div>
<div class='line'>It lifts, it bears my happy soul,</div>
<div class='line'>It giveth wings to this poor heart;</div>
<div class='line'>My freedom is Thy grand control.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>7</b> Upon God's will I lay me down,</div>
<div class='line'>As child upon its mother's breast;</div>
<div class='line'>No silken couch, nor softest bed,</div>
<div class='line'>Could ever give me such deep rest.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>8</b> Thy wonderful grand will, my God,</div>
<div class='line'>With triumph now I make it mine;</div>
<div class='line'>And faith shall cry a joyous Yes</div>
<div class='line'>To every dear command of Thine.</div>
</div>
<div style='height:40px'></div>
</body></html>
