<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=UTF-8"/>
<title>Hymn 0621</title>
<link href='../stylesheet.css' rel='stylesheet' type='text/css'/>
</head>
<body>
<div style='text-align:center'>
<a href='0620.xhtml' class='hidden_a'><b> &lt; </b></a>
<a href='../nav/nav_0000.xhtml' class='hidden_a'>
E<b>621</b> C<b>-</b> K<b>-</b> S<b>-</b>
</a>
 <a href='0622.xhtml' class='hidden_a'><b> &gt; </b></a>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>1</b> Beneath the cross of Jesus</div>
<div class='line'>I fain would take my stand,</div>
<div class='line'>The shadow of a might Rock</div>
<div class='line'>Within a weary land;</div>
<div class='line'>A rest upon the way,</div>
<div class='line'>From the burning of the noontide heat,</div>
<div class='line'>And the burden of the day.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>2</b> Oh, safe and happy shelter!</div>
<div class='line'>Oh, refuge tried and sweet!</div>
<div class='line'>Oh, trysting place where heaven's love</div>
<div class='line'>And heaven's justice meet.</div>
<div class='line'>As to the holy patriarch</div>
<div class='line'>That wondrous dream was given,</div>
<div class='line'>So is my Savior by the cross</div>
<div class='line'>A ladder up to heaven.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>3</b> There lies beneath its shadow,</div>
<div class='line'>But on the farther side,</div>
<div class='line'>The darkness of an awful grave</div>
<div class='line'>That gapes both deep and wide;</div>
<div class='line'>And there between us stands the cross,</div>
<div class='line'>Two arms outstretched to save,</div>
<div class='line'>Like a watchman set to guard the way</div>
<div class='line'>From that eternal grave.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>4</b> Upon that cross of Jesus</div>
<div class='line'>Mine eyes at times can see</div>
<div class='line'>The very dying form of One,</div>
<div class='line'>Who suffered there for me;</div>
<div class='line'>And from my smitten heart, with tears,</div>
<div class='line'>Two wonders I confess,</div>
<div class='line'>The wonders of His glorious love,</div>
<div class='line'>And my own worthlessness.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>5</b> I take, O cross, thy shadow</div>
<div class='line'>For my abiding place;</div>
<div class='line'>I ask no other sunshine than</div>
<div class='line'>The sunshine of His face;</div>
<div class='line'>Content to let the world go by,</div>
<div class='line'>To know no gain nor loss,</div>
<div class='line'>My sinful self my only shame,</div>
<div class='line'>My glory all the cross.</div>
</div>
<div style='height:40px'></div>
</body></html>
