<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=UTF-8"/>
<title>Hymn 0624</title>
<link href='../stylesheet.css' rel='stylesheet' type='text/css'/>
</head>
<body>
<div style='text-align:center'>
<a href='0623.xhtml' class='hidden_a'><b> &lt; </b></a>
<a href='../nav/nav_0000.xhtml' class='hidden_a'>
E<b>624</b> C<b>459</b> K<b>459</b> S<b>-</b>
</a>
 <a href='0625.xhtml' class='hidden_a'><b> &gt; </b></a>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>1</b> The heavier the cross, the nearer God;</div>
<div class='line'>No cross without, no God within!</div>
<div class='line'>The prince of darkness thus is trod,</div>
<div class='line'>Amid the world's false glare and din.</div>
<div class='line'>Oh, happy he, with all his loss,</div>
<div class='line'>Whom God hath set beneath the cross.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>2</b> The heavier the cross, the better saint;</div>
<div class='line'>This is the touchstone God applies.</div>
<div class='line'>The gardens many would be faint,</div>
<div class='line'>Unwet by showers from weeping eyes!</div>
<div class='line'>The gold by fire is purified;</div>
<div class='line'>The saint is by much trouble tried.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>3</b> The heavier the cross, the stronger faith:</div>
<div class='line'>The loaded palm strikes deeper root;</div>
<div class='line'>The vine juice sweetly issueth</div>
<div class='line'>When men have pressed the clustered fruit;</div>
<div class='line'>And courage grows where dangers come,</div>
<div class='line'>Like pearls beneath the salty foam.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>4</b> The heavier the cross, the deeper prayer;</div>
<div class='line'>The bruised herbs most fragrant are.</div>
<div class='line'>If sky and wind were always fair,</div>
<div class='line'>The sailor would not watch the star;</div>
<div class='line'>And David's Psalms had ne'er been sung</div>
<div class='line'>If grief his heart had never wrung.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>5</b> The heavier the cross, the more inspired;</div>
<div class='line'>From vales to climb to mountain crest;</div>
<div class='line'>The pilgrim, of the desert tired,</div>
<div class='line'>Longs for the Canaan of his rest.</div>
<div class='line'>The dove has here no rest in sight,</div>
<div class='line'>And to the ark she wings her flight.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>6</b> The heavier the cross, the easier to die;</div>
<div class='line'>Death is a kinder face to see;</div>
<div class='line'>Our life's decay we dare defy,</div>
<div class='line'>From life's distress we then are free.</div>
<div class='line'>The cross sublimely lifts our faith</div>
<div class='line'>To Him who triumphed over death.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>7</b> Thou Crucified! The cross I bear.</div>
<div class='line'>The longer, may it dearer be;</div>
<div class='line'>And lest I faint while ling'ring here,</div>
<div class='line'>Implant Thou such a heart in me</div>
<div class='line'>That faith and love may flourish e'er,</div>
<div class='line'>Till for the cross the crown I wear.</div>
</div>
<div style='height:40px'></div>
</body></html>
