<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=UTF-8"/>
<title>Hymn 0626</title>
<link href='../stylesheet.css' rel='stylesheet' type='text/css'/>
</head>
<body>
<div style='text-align:center'>
<a href='0625.xhtml' class='hidden_a'><b> &lt; </b></a>
<a href='../nav/nav_0000.xhtml' class='hidden_a'>
E<b>626</b> C<b>458</b> K<b>458</b> S<b>295</b>
</a>
 <a href='0627.xhtml' class='hidden_a'><b> &gt; </b></a>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>1</b> Olives that have known no pressure</div>
<div class='line'>No oil can bestow;</div>
<div class='line'>If the grapes escape the winepress,</div>
<div class='line'>Cheering wine can never flow;</div>
<div class='line'>Spikenard only through the crushing,</div>
<div class='line'>Fragrance can diffuse.</div>
<div class='line'>Shall I then, Lord, shrink from suff'ring</div>
<div class='line'>Which Thy love for me would choose?</div>
</div>
<div class='chorus'>
<div class='line'>Each blow I suffer</div>
<div class='line'>Is true gain to me.</div>
<div class='line'>In the place of what Thou takest</div>
<div class='line'>Thou dost give Thyself to me.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>2</b> Do my heartstrings need Thy stretching,</div>
<div class='line'>Songs divine to prove?</div>
<div class='line'>Do I need for sweetest music</div>
<div class='line'>Cruel treatment of Thy love?</div>
<div class='line'>Lord, I fear no deprivation</div>
<div class='line'>If it draws to Thee;</div>
<div class='line'>I would yield in full surrender</div>
<div class='line'>All Thy heart of love to see.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>3</b> I'm ashamed, my Lord, for seeking</div>
<div class='line'>Self to guard alway;</div>
<div class='line'>Though Thy love has done its stripping,</div>
<div class='line'>Yet I've been compelled this way.</div>
<div class='line'>Lord, according to Thy pleasure</div>
<div class='line'>Fully work on me;</div>
<div class='line'>Heeding not my human feelings,</div>
<div class='line'>Only do what pleases Thee.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>4</b> If Thy mind and mine should differ,</div>
<div class='line'>Still pursue Thy way;</div>
<div class='line'>If Thy pleasure means my sorrow,</div>
<div class='line'>Still my heart shall answer, "Yea!"</div>
<div class='line'>'Tis my deep desire to please Thee,</div>
<div class='line'>Though I suffer loss;</div>
<div class='line'>E'en though Thy delight and glory</div>
<div class='line'>Mean that I endure the cross.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>5</b> Oh, I'll praise Thee, e'en if weeping</div>
<div class='line'>Mingle with my song.</div>
<div class='line'>Thine increasing sweetness calls forth</div>
<div class='line'>Grateful praises all day long.</div>
<div class='line'>Thou hast made Thyself more precious</div>
<div class='line'>Than all else to me:</div>
<div class='line'>Thou increase and I decrease, Lord -</div>
<div class='line'>This is now my only plea.</div>
</div>
<div style='height:40px'></div>
</body></html>
