<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=UTF-8"/>
<title>Hymn 0628</title>
<link href='../stylesheet.css' rel='stylesheet' type='text/css'/>
</head>
<body>
<div style='text-align:center'>
<a href='0627.xhtml' class='hidden_a'><b> &lt; </b></a>
<a href='../nav/nav_0000.xhtml' class='hidden_a'>
E<b>628</b> C<b>469</b> K<b>469</b> S<b>-</b>
</a>
 <a href='0629.xhtml' class='hidden_a'><b> &gt; </b></a>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>1</b> Via Bethlehem we journey,</div>
<div class='line'>We whose hearts on God are set;</div>
<div class='line'>Babe-like souls of Jesus learning,</div>
<div class='line'>While our cheeks with tears are wet;</div>
<div class='line'>For the manger and the stable</div>
<div class='line'>Are not pleasant to our eyes,</div>
<div class='line'>But our feet must follow Jesus,</div>
<div class='line'>If our hands would grasp the prize.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>2</b> Via Nazareth! The pathway</div>
<div class='line'>Narrows still as on we go,</div>
<div class='line'>Years of toil none understanding,</div>
<div class='line'>Yet God teaches us to know</div>
<div class='line'>That the servant is not greater</div>
<div class='line'>Than the Lord, who through long years</div>
<div class='line'>Hid Himself from this world's glory,</div>
<div class='line'>Follow Him! Count not the tears.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>3</b> Via Galilee, we see Him!</div>
<div class='line'>Stones are hurled, and cursed hissed</div>
<div class='line'>By the men who gather round Him,</div>
<div class='line'>Has He not the pathway missed?</div>
<div class='line'>No! Unharmed the Savior passes,</div>
<div class='line'>And this rough bit of the way</div>
<div class='line'>We must travel, since like Jesus,</div>
<div class='line'>Nothing can our purpose stay.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>4</b> Via too, the awful anguish</div>
<div class='line'>Of the hours beneath the trees,</div>
<div class='line'>Where the host of Satan linger,</div>
<div class='line'>Awful hours of anguish these!</div>
<div class='line'>Yet we fail not, for God's angels</div>
<div class='line'>Minister to us, and say,</div>
<div class='line'>"Look, beloved, at the glory,</div>
<div class='line'>Conflict is but for a day!"</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>5</b> Then the Cross! For via Calvary</div>
<div class='line'>Every royal soul must go;</div>
<div class='line'>Here we draw the veil, for Jesus</div>
<div class='line'>Only can the pathway show;</div>
<div class='line'>"If we suffer with Him," listen,</div>
<div class='line'>Just a little, little while,</div>
<div class='line'>And the memory will have faded</div>
<div class='line'>In the glory of His smile!</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>6</b> Then the grave, with dear ones weeping,</div>
<div class='line'>Knowing that all life has fled;</div>
<div class='line'>(Fellow-pilgrims, art thou numbered</div>
<div class='line'>With the men the world calls dead?)</div>
<div class='line'>Thence we rise, and live with Jesus,</div>
<div class='line'>Throned above the world's mad strife,</div>
<div class='line'>Gladly forfeiting forever,</div>
<div class='line'>All that worldlings count as life.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>7</b> On we press! And yonder gleaming,</div>
<div class='line'>Nearer every day, we see</div>
<div class='line'>The great walls of that fair city,</div>
<div class='line'>God has built for such as we;</div>
<div class='line'>And we catch the tender music</div>
<div class='line'>Of the choirs that sing of One</div>
<div class='line'>Who once died to have us with Him</div>
<div class='line'>In His kingdom, on the throne.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>8</b> Just a few more miles, beloved!</div>
<div class='line'>And our feet shall ache no more;</div>
<div class='line'>No more sin, and no more sorrow,</div>
<div class='line'>Hush thee, Jesus went before;</div>
<div class='line'>And I hear Him sweetly whispering,</div>
<div class='line'>"Faint not, fear not, still press on,</div>
<div class='line'>For it may be ere tomorrow,</div>
<div class='line'>The long journey will be done."</div>
</div>
<div style='height:40px'></div>
</body></html>
