<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=UTF-8"/>
<title>Hymn 0635</title>
<link href='../stylesheet.css' rel='stylesheet' type='text/css'/>
</head>
<body>
<div style='text-align:center'>
<a href='0634.xhtml' class='hidden_a'><b> &lt; </b></a>
<a href='../nav/nav_0000.xhtml' class='hidden_a'>
E<b>635</b> C<b>465</b> K<b>465</b> S<b>-</b>
</a>
 <a href='0636.xhtml' class='hidden_a'><b> &gt; </b></a>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>1</b> Let us contemplate the grape vine,</div>
<div class='line'>From its life now let us learn,</div>
<div class='line'>How its growth is fraught with suff'ring,</div>
<div class='line'>Midst environment so stern;</div>
<div class='line'>How unlike the untamed flowers</div>
<div class='line'>Growing in the wilderness</div>
<div class='line'>In a maze of wild confusion,</div>
<div class='line'>Making patterns numberless.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>2</b> But the blossoms of the grape vine</div>
<div class='line'>Without glory are and small;</div>
<div class='line'>Though they do have some expression,</div>
<div class='line'>They are hardly seen withal.</div>
<div class='line'>But a day since they have flowered</div>
<div class='line'>Into fruit the blooms have grown;</div>
<div class='line'>Never may they wave corollas</div>
<div class='line'>With luxuriant beauty shown.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>3</b> To a post the vine is fastened;</div>
<div class='line'>Thus it cannot freely grow;</div>
<div class='line'>When its branches are extended,</div>
<div class='line'>To the trellis tied they go.</div>
<div class='line'>To the stony soil committed,</div>
<div class='line'>Drawing thence its food supply;</div>
<div class='line'>It can never choose its own way,</div>
<div class='line'>Or from difficulty fly.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>4</b> Oh, how beautiful its verdure,</div>
<div class='line'>Which in spring spread o'er the field.</div>
<div class='line'>From life's energy and fulness</div>
<div class='line'>Growth abundant doth it yield.</div>
<div class='line'>Till it's full of tender branches</div>
<div class='line'>Twining freely everywhere,</div>
<div class='line'>Stretching 'gainst the sky's deep azure</div>
<div class='line'>Tasting sweetly of the air.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>5</b> But the master of the vineyard</div>
<div class='line'>Not in lenience doth abide,</div>
<div class='line'>But with knife and pruning scissors</div>
<div class='line'>Then would strip it of its pride.</div>
<div class='line'>Caring not the vine is tender,</div>
<div class='line'>But with deep, precision stroke</div>
<div class='line'>All the pretty, excess branches</div>
<div class='line'>From the vine are neatly broke.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>6</b> In this time of loss and ruin,</div>
<div class='line'>Dare the vine self-pity show?</div>
<div class='line'>Nay, it gives itself more fully</div>
<div class='line'>To the one who wounds it so,</div>
<div class='line'>To the hand that strips its branches,</div>
<div class='line'>Till of beauty destitute,</div>
<div class='line'>That its life may not be wasted,</div>
<div class='line'>But preserved for bearing fruit.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>7</b> Into hard wood slowly hardens</div>
<div class='line'>Every stump of bleeding shoot,</div>
<div class='line'>Each remaining branch becoming</div>
<div class='line'>Clusters of abundant fruit.</div>
<div class='line'>Then, beneath the scorching sunshine,</div>
<div class='line'>Leaves are dried and from it drop;</div>
<div class='line'>Thus the fruit more richly ripens</div>
<div class='line'>Till the harvest of the crop.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>8</b> Bowed beneath its fruitful burden,</div>
<div class='line'>Loaded branches are brought low -</div>
<div class='line'>Labor of its growth thru suff'ring</div>
<div class='line'>Many a purposed, cutting blow.</div>
<div class='line'>Now its fruit is fully ripened,</div>
<div class='line'>Comforted the vine would be;</div>
<div class='line'>But the harvest soon is coming,</div>
<div class='line'>And its days of comfort flee.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>9</b> Hands will pick and feet will trample</div>
<div class='line'>All the riches of the vine,</div>
<div class='line'>Till from out the reddened wine-press</div>
<div class='line'>Flows a river full of wine.</div>
<div class='line'>All the day its flow continues,</div>
<div class='line'>Bloody-red, without alloy,</div>
<div class='line'>Gushing freely, richly, sweetly,</div>
<div class='line'>Filling all the earth with joy.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>10</b> In appearance now the grape vine</div>
<div class='line'>Barren is and pitiful;</div>
<div class='line'>Having given all, it enters</div>
<div class='line'>Into night inscrutable.</div>
<div class='line'>No one offers to repay it</div>
<div class='line'>For the cheering wine that's drunk,</div>
<div class='line'>But 'tis stripped and cut e'en further</div>
<div class='line'>To a bare and branchless trunk</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>11</b> Yet its wine throughout the winter</div>
<div class='line'>Warmth and sweetness ever bears</div>
<div class='line'>Unto those in coldness shiv'ring,</div>
<div class='line'>Pressed with sorrow, pain, and cares.</div>
<div class='line'>Yet without, alone, the grape vine</div>
<div class='line'>Midst the ice and snow doth stand,</div>
<div class='line'>Steadfastly its lot enduring,</div>
<div class='line'>Though 'tis hard to understand.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>12</b> Winter o'er, the vine prepareth</div>
<div class='line'>Fruit again itself to bear;</div>
<div class='line'>Budding forth and growing branches,</div>
<div class='line'>Beauteous green again to wear;</div>
<div class='line'>Never murmuring or complaining</div>
<div class='line'>For the winter's sore abuse,</div>
<div class='line'>Or for all its loss desiring</div>
<div class='line'>Its fresh off'ring to reduce.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>13</b> Breathing air, untainted, heavenly,</div>
<div class='line'>As it lifts its arms on high,</div>
<div class='line'>Earth's impure, defiled affections</div>
<div class='line'>Ne'er the vine may occupy.</div>
<div class='line'>Facing sacrifice, yet smiling,</div>
<div class='line'>And while love doth prune once more,</div>
<div class='line'>Strokes it bears as if it never</div>
<div class='line'>Suffered loss and pain before.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>14</b> From the branches of the grape vine</div>
<div class='line'>Sap and blood and wine doth flow.</div>
<div class='line'>Does the vine, for all it suffered,</div>
<div class='line'>Lost, and yielded, poorer grow?</div>
<div class='line'>Drunkards of the earth and wanderers,</div>
<div class='line'>From it drink and merry make,</div>
<div class='line'>From their pleasure and enjoyment</div>
<div class='line'>Do they richer thereby wake?</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>15</b> Not by gain our life is measured,</div>
<div class='line'>But by what we've lost 'tis scored;</div>
<div class='line'>'Tis not how much wine is drunken,</div>
<div class='line'>But how much has been outpoured.</div>
<div class='line'>For the strength of love e'er standeth</div>
<div class='line'>In the sacrifice we bear;</div>
<div class='line'>He who has the greatest suff'ring</div>
<div class='line'>Ever has the most to share.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>16</b> He who treats himself severely</div>
<div class='line'>Is the best for God to gain;</div>
<div class='line'>He who hurts himself most dearly</div>
<div class='line'>Most can comfort those in pain.</div>
<div class='line'>He who suffering never beareth</div>
<div class='line'>Is but empty "sounding brass";</div>
<div class='line'>He who self-like never spareth</div>
<div class='line'>Has the joys which all surpass.</div>
</div>
<div style='height:40px'></div>
</body></html>
