<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=UTF-8"/>
<title>Hymn 0641</title>
<link href='../stylesheet.css' rel='stylesheet' type='text/css'/>
</head>
<body>
<div style='text-align:center'>
<a href='0640.xhtml' class='hidden_a'><b> &lt; </b></a>
<a href='../nav/nav_0000.xhtml' class='hidden_a'>
E<b>641</b> C<b>-</b> K<b>-</b> S<b>-</b>
</a>
 <a href='0642.xhtml' class='hidden_a'><b> &gt; </b></a>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>1</b> Art thou hung'ring for the fulness</div>
<div class='line'>Of the blessing Christ doth give?</div>
<div class='line'>Longing now to learn the secret</div>
<div class='line'>Of the life He bids thee live?</div>
<div class='line'>In His word thine answer standeth,</div>
<div class='line'>"Christ who is our Life" it saith;</div>
<div class='line'>Open now thy heart, and trust Him,</div>
<div class='line'>There to dwell, henceforth, by faith.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>2</b> Christ, the Lord's Anointed, reigning</div>
<div class='line'>O'er the life He died to win,</div>
<div class='line'>Daily shall reveal more fully</div>
<div class='line'>His great power, without, within.</div>
<div class='line'>What thou never could'st accomplish</div>
<div class='line'>Shall His Spirit work through thee,</div>
<div class='line'>While thy soul this witness beareth,</div>
<div class='line'>'Tis not I, but Christ in me.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>3</b> In Him dwelleth all God's fulness,</div>
<div class='line'>In Him thou art made complete;</div>
<div class='line'>Rise, and claim thy heavenly birthright,</div>
<div class='line'>Kneeling at thy Father's feet.</div>
<div class='line'>He will never disappoint thee,</div>
<div class='line'>Praise Him that the gift is thine;</div>
<div class='line'>Then go forth to live each moment</div>
<div class='line'>On sufficiency divine.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>4</b> Lord, I come, and simply resting</div>
<div class='line'>On Thy faithful, changeless word,</div>
<div class='line'>I believe the blood doth cleanse me,</div>
<div class='line'>And that Christ is crowned Lord.</div>
<div class='line'>Grant henceforth a ceaseless outflow</div>
<div class='line'>Of Thy life and love through me;</div>
<div class='line'>Reaching those who sit in darkness,</div>
<div class='line'>Winning priceless souls to Thee.</div>
</div>
<div style='height:40px'></div>
</body></html>
