<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=UTF-8"/>
<title>Hymn 0664</title>
<link href='../stylesheet.css' rel='stylesheet' type='text/css'/>
</head>
<body>
<div style='text-align:center'>
<a href='0663.xhtml' class='hidden_a'><b> &lt; </b></a>
<a href='../nav/nav_0000.xhtml' class='hidden_a'>
E<b>664</b> C<b>-</b> K<b>-</b> S<b>-</b>
</a>
 <a href='0665.xhtml' class='hidden_a'><b> &gt; </b></a>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>1</b> Rise, my soul, thy God directs thee;</div>
<div class='line'>Stranger hands no more impede;</div>
<div class='line'>Pass thou on, His strength protects thee,</div>
<div class='line'>Strength that has the captive freed.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>2</b> Is the wilderness before thee,</div>
<div class='line'>Desert lands where drought abides?</div>
<div class='line'>Heavenly springs shall there restore thee,</div>
<div class='line'>Fresh from God's exhaustless tides.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>3</b> Light divine surrounds thy going,</div>
<div class='line'>God Himself shall mark thy way;</div>
<div class='line'>Secret blessings, richly flowing,</div>
<div class='line'>Lead to everlasting day.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>4</b> God, thine everlasting portion,</div>
<div class='line'>Feeds thee with the Mighty's meat;</div>
<div class='line'>Saved from Egypt's hard extortion,</div>
<div class='line'>Egypt's food no more to eat.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>5</b> Art thou weaned from Egypt's pleasures?</div>
<div class='line'>God in secret shall thee keep;</div>
<div class='line'>There unfold His hidden treasures,</div>
<div class='line'>There His love's exhaustless deep.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>6</b> In the desert God will teach thee</div>
<div class='line'>What the God that thou hast found -</div>
<div class='line'>Patient, gracious, powerful, holy;</div>
<div class='line'>All His grace shall there abound.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>7</b> On to Canaan's rest still wending,</div>
<div class='line'>E'en thy wants and woes shall bring</div>
<div class='line'>Suited grace from high descending;</div>
<div class='line'>Thou shalt taste of mercy's spring.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>8</b> Though thy way be long and dreary,</div>
<div class='line'>Eagle strength He'll still renew;</div>
<div class='line'>Garments fresh, and feet unweary,</div>
<div class='line'>Tell how God hath brought thee through.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>9</b> When to Canaan's long-loved dwelling</div>
<div class='line'>Love divine thy feet shall bring,</div>
<div class='line'>Thou, with shouts of triumph swelling,</div>
<div class='line'>Zion's songs in rest shall sing.</div>
</div>
<div style='height:40px'></div>
</body></html>
