<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=UTF-8"/>
<title>Hymn 0672</title>
<link href='../stylesheet.css' rel='stylesheet' type='text/css'/>
</head>
<body>
<div style='text-align:center'>
<a href='0671.xhtml' class='hidden_a'><b> &lt; </b></a>
<a href='../nav/nav_0000.xhtml' class='hidden_a'>
E<b>672</b> C<b>499</b> K<b>499</b> S<b>-</b>
</a>
 <a href='0673.xhtml' class='hidden_a'><b> &gt; </b></a>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>1</b> Not what I am, O Lord, but what Thou art;</div>
<div class='line'>That, that alone, can be my soul's true rest;</div>
<div class='line'>Thy love, not mine, bids fear and doubt depart,</div>
<div class='line'>And stills the tempest of my tossing breast.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>2</b> It is Thy perfect love that casts out fear;</div>
<div class='line'>I know the voice that speaks the It is I,</div>
<div class='line'>And in these well-known words of heavenly cheer</div>
<div class='line'>I hear the joy that bids each sorrow fly.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>3</b> Thy Name is Love! I hear it from yon Cross;</div>
<div class='line'>Thy Name is Love! I read it in yon tomb:</div>
<div class='line'>All meaner love is perishable dross,</div>
<div class='line'>But this shall light me through time's thickest gloom.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>4</b> It blesses now, and shall forever bless;</div>
<div class='line'>It saves me now, and shall for ever save;</div>
<div class='line'>It holds me up in days of helplessness,</div>
<div class='line'>It bears me safely o'er each swelling wave.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>5</b> 'Tis what I know of Thee, my Lord and God,</div>
<div class='line'>That fills my soul with peace, my lips with song;</div>
<div class='line'>Thou art my health, my joy, my staff, my rod;</div>
<div class='line'>Leaning on Thee, in weakness I am strong.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>6</b> More of Thyself, Oh, show me, hour by hour;</div>
<div class='line'>More of Thy glory, O my God and Lord;</div>
<div class='line'>More of Thyself in all Thy grace and power;</div>
<div class='line'>More of Thy love and truth, Incarnate Word.</div>
</div>
<div style='height:40px'></div>
</body></html>
