<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=UTF-8"/>
<title>Hymn 0677</title>
<link href='../stylesheet.css' rel='stylesheet' type='text/css'/>
</head>
<body>
<div style='text-align:center'>
<a href='0676.xhtml' class='hidden_a'><b> &lt; </b></a>
<a href='../nav/nav_0000.xhtml' class='hidden_a'>
E<b>677</b> C<b>-</b> K<b>-</b> S<b>-</b>
</a>
 <a href='0678.xhtml' class='hidden_a'><b> &gt; </b></a>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>1</b> Art thou sunk in depths of sorrow</div>
<div class='line'>Where no arm can reach so low?</div>
<div class='line'>There is One whose arms almighty</div>
<div class='line'>Reach beyond thy deepest woe.</div>
<div class='line'>God th' Eternal is thy refuge,</div>
<div class='line'>Let it still thy wild alarms;</div>
<div class='line'>Underneath thy deepest sorrow,</div>
<div class='line'>Are the everlasting arms.</div>
</div>
<div class='chorus'>
<div class='line'>Underneath thee, underneath thee,</div>
<div class='line'>Are the everlasting arms,</div>
<div class='line'>Everlasting, everlasting,</div>
<div class='line'>Are the everlasting arms.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>2</b> Other arms grow faint and weary,</div>
<div class='line'>These can never faint, nor fail;</div>
<div class='line'>Others reach our mounts of blessing,</div>
<div class='line'>These our lowest loneliest vale.</div>
<div class='line'>O that all might know His friendship!</div>
<div class='line'>O that all might see His charms!</div>
<div class='line'>O that all might have beneath them</div>
<div class='line'>Jesus' everlasting arms.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>3</b> Underneath us, O how easy;</div>
<div class='line'>We have not to mount on high,</div>
<div class='line'>But to sink into His fulness,</div>
<div class='line'>And in trustful weakness lie.</div>
<div class='line'>And we find our humbling failures</div>
<div class='line'>Save us from the strength that harms!</div>
<div class='line'>We may fail, but underneath us</div>
<div class='line'>Are the everlasting arms.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>4</b> Arms of Jesus! Fold me closer,</div>
<div class='line'>To Thy strong and loving breast,</div>
<div class='line'>Till my spirit on Thy bosom</div>
<div class='line'>Finds its everlasting rest;</div>
<div class='line'>And when time's last sands are sinking,</div>
<div class='line'>Shield my heart from all alarms,</div>
<div class='line'>Softly whispering, "Underneath thee,</div>
<div class='line'>Are the everlasting arms."</div>
</div>
<div style='height:40px'></div>
</body></html>
