<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=UTF-8"/>
<title>Hymn 0693</title>
<link href='../stylesheet.css' rel='stylesheet' type='text/css'/>
</head>
<body>
<div style='text-align:center'>
<a href='0692.xhtml' class='hidden_a'><b> &lt; </b></a>
<a href='../nav/nav_0000.xhtml' class='hidden_a'>
E<b>693</b> C<b>506</b> K<b>506</b> S<b>-</b>
</a>
 <a href='0694.xhtml' class='hidden_a'><b> &gt; </b></a>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>1</b> He faileth not, for He is God;</div>
<div class='line'>He faileth not, His grace how good!</div>
<div class='line'>He faileth not, His Word is clear;</div>
<div class='line'>If we have God, whom need we fear?</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>2</b> The highest mount, He can make plain;</div>
<div class='line'>The wildest flood, He can restrain!</div>
<div class='line'>God of Impossibilities!</div>
<div class='line'>Poor puny man, now learn His ways.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>3</b> The axe did swim on Jordan's wave!</div>
<div class='line'>Our God the Red Sea's waters clave!</div>
<div class='line'>He stopped the sun! Made long the day!</div>
<div class='line'>This is the God to whom we pray.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>4</b> He bars the sea with feeble sand!</div>
<div class='line'>The proud waves bow at His command!</div>
<div class='line'>If God is thine, what more your need?</div>
<div class='line'>Can He not work for you indeed?</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>5</b> Our God is love; your needs are known;</div>
<div class='line'>His promises He'll fully own.</div>
<div class='line'>Our gracious God bows down His ear</div>
<div class='line'>The feeblest, weakest cry to hear.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>6</b> Our God is light, and never yet,</div>
<div class='line'>One promise did He e'er forget.</div>
<div class='line'>His promises in Christ the Son</div>
<div class='line'>Are fully pledged, Yea and Amen.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>7</b> Our faithful God, faith cannot break,</div>
<div class='line'>Nor death, nor hell, His promise shake!</div>
<div class='line'>Who ask in faith, He'll not deny;</div>
<div class='line'>His Word is sure, He must reply.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>8</b> He faileth not, let all men hear;</div>
<div class='line'>He faileth not, His Word is clear.</div>
<div class='line'>He faileth not, His grace how good;</div>
<div class='line'>He faileth not, for He is God!</div>
</div>
<div style='height:40px'></div>
</body></html>
