<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=UTF-8"/>
<title>Hymn 0721</title>
<link href='../stylesheet.css' rel='stylesheet' type='text/css'/>
</head>
<body>
<div style='text-align:center'>
<a href='0720.xhtml' class='hidden_a'><b> &lt; </b></a>
<a href='../nav/nav_0000.xhtml' class='hidden_a'>
E<b>721</b> C<b>514</b> K<b>514</b> S<b>-</b>
</a>
 <a href='0722.xhtml' class='hidden_a'><b> &gt; </b></a>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>1</b> I'll sing of the wonderful promise</div>
<div class='line'>That Jesus has given to me;</div>
<div class='line'>"My strength is made perfect in weakness,</div>
<div class='line'>My grace is sufficient for thee."</div>
<div class='line'>And lest my poor heart should forget it,</div>
<div class='line'>Or ever forgetful should be,</div>
<div class='line'>He still keeps repeating the promise,</div>
<div class='line'>My grace is sufficient for thee.</div>
</div>
<div class='chorus'>
<div class='line'>Yes, over and over and over,</div>
<div class='line'>My Savior keeps saying to me;</div>
<div class='line'>My strength is made perfect in weakness,</div>
<div class='line'>My grace is sufficient for thee.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>2</b> His grace is sufficient to save me,</div>
<div class='line'>And cleanse me from guilt and from sin;</div>
<div class='line'>Sufficient to sanctify wholly,</div>
<div class='line'>And give me His Spirit within.</div>
<div class='line'>His grace is sufficient for trials,</div>
<div class='line'>No matter how hard they may be,</div>
<div class='line'>This promise stands over against them,</div>
<div class='line'>My grace is sufficient for thee.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>3</b> His grace is sufficient for sickness,</div>
<div class='line'>Sustaining and making me whole;</div>
<div class='line'>His grace is sufficient when sorrows</div>
<div class='line'>Like billows roll over the soul.</div>
<div class='line'>His grace is sufficient for service,</div>
<div class='line'>It sets us from selfishness free,</div>
<div class='line'>And sends us to tell the tried ones,</div>
<div class='line'>His grace is sufficient for thee.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>4</b> His grace is sufficient to live by,</div>
<div class='line'>And should we be summoned to die</div>
<div class='line'>'Twill light up the valley of shadows,</div>
<div class='line'>And bear us away to Him nigh.</div>
<div class='line'>Or when we shall stand in His vict'ry,</div>
<div class='line'>And Christ in His glory shall see,</div>
<div class='line'>We'll fall at His footstool confessing,</div>
<div class='line'>Thy grace was sufficient for me.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>5</b> It is not our grace that's sufficient,</div>
<div class='line'>But His grace, it ever must be:</div>
<div class='line'>Our graces are transient and changing;</div>
<div class='line'>His grace is unfailing as He.</div>
<div class='line'>And so I am ever repeating</div>
<div class='line'>His wonderful promise to me,</div>
<div class='line'>My strength is made perfect in weakness,</div>
<div class='line'>My grace is sufficient for thee.</div>
</div>
<div style='height:40px'></div>
</body></html>
