<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=UTF-8"/>
<title>Hymn 0733</title>
<link href='../stylesheet.css' rel='stylesheet' type='text/css'/>
</head>
<body>
<div style='text-align:center'>
<a href='0732.xhtml' class='hidden_a'><b> &lt; </b></a>
<a href='../nav/nav_0000.xhtml' class='hidden_a'>
E<b>733</b> C<b>529</b> K<b>529</b> S<b>305</b>
</a>
 <a href='0734.xhtml' class='hidden_a'><b> &gt; </b></a>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>1</b> In Eden's garden fair we see</div>
<div class='line'>That God before two trees placed man,</div>
<div class='line'>The trees of life, and knowledge too,</div>
<div class='line'>Which for the Lord and Satan stand.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>2</b> The tree of life the center is</div>
<div class='line'>Of God's eternal, perfect plan,</div>
<div class='line'>Denoting God in Christ as life</div>
<div class='line'>To be received as all by man.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>3</b> The tree of knowledge standing there,</div>
<div class='line'>Bespeaks a sure and warning voice:</div>
<div class='line'>Outside of God there is a source</div>
<div class='line'>Of death to all who make this choice.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>4</b> If man would eat the tree of life,</div>
<div class='line'>Then God as life he will receive,</div>
<div class='line'>And be transformed to precious stones,</div>
<div class='line'>God's will and purpose to achieve.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>5</b> If man the tree of knowledge takes,</div>
<div class='line'>Then Satan enters into man</div>
<div class='line'>As sin, which brings him into death,</div>
<div class='line'>That he may not fulfill God's plan.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>6</b> This signifies that only God</div>
<div class='line'>Is our full source of life and breath;</div>
<div class='line'>To touch ought else is but to touch</div>
<div class='line'>The source of knowledge and of death.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>7</b> For knowledge only bringeth death,</div>
<div class='line'>Though evil or though good it seem;</div>
<div class='line'>For any thing apart from God,</div>
<div class='line'>Is but the fruit of Satan's scheme.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>8</b> Not only evil, but the good</div>
<div class='line'>Is contradictory to Christ;</div>
<div class='line'>Not only knowledge of the bad,</div>
<div class='line'>But even good is versus Christ.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>9</b> Lord, teach us only Thee to touch,</div>
<div class='line'>That with Thy life we filled may be,</div>
<div class='line'>And not to touch the good or bad,</div>
<div class='line'>Or anything apart from Thee.</div>
</div>
<div style='height:40px'></div>
</body></html>
