<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=UTF-8"/>
<title>Hymn 0734</title>
<link href='../stylesheet.css' rel='stylesheet' type='text/css'/>
</head>
<body>
<div style='text-align:center'>
<a href='0733.xhtml' class='hidden_a'><b> &lt; </b></a>
<a href='../nav/nav_0000.xhtml' class='hidden_a'>
E<b>734</b> C<b>530</b> K<b>530</b> S<b>306</b>
</a>
 <a href='0735.xhtml' class='hidden_a'><b> &gt; </b></a>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>1</b> The law of God is holy, good,</div>
<div class='line'>To practise good it doth command;</div>
<div class='line'>Its purpose is to clearly show</div>
<div class='line'>That we cannot meet God's demand.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>2</b> Yet in our mind there is a law</div>
<div class='line'>Which always tries the good to do;</div>
<div class='line'>But in our members is a law</div>
<div class='line'>Which always doth this law subdue.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>3</b> The law within our mind is good,</div>
<div class='line'>'Tis of our human life obtained</div>
<div class='line'>At our creation from the Lord,</div>
<div class='line'>That good behavior be maintained.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>4</b> The law within our members is</div>
<div class='line'>The evil of satanic life;</div>
<div class='line'>Into our members at the fall</div>
<div class='line'>It came thru Satan's subtle strife.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>5</b> This evil law of Satan is</div>
<div class='line'>The law of sin, in us its seat;</div>
<div class='line'>'Tis stronger than the law of good</div>
<div class='line'>And always brings it to defeat.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>6</b> But in our spirit is a law,</div>
<div class='line'>Which is the Spirit's law of life;</div>
<div class='line'>'Tis of the very life of God</div>
<div class='line'>Which we from our rebirth derive.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>7</b> This law divine the strongest is,</div>
<div class='line'>Transcending all the others o'er;</div>
<div class='line'>From sin's law freeing, it fulfills</div>
<div class='line'>The full requirement of God's law.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>8</b> We then must always set our mind</div>
<div class='line'>Upon the spirit deep within,</div>
<div class='line'>And not upon the things of flesh,</div>
<div class='line'>The body ruined by the sin.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>9</b> To set the mind upon the flesh</div>
<div class='line'>Is sin and death and darkest night;</div>
<div class='line'>The mind upon the spirit set</div>
<div class='line'>Is life and peace and full of light.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>10</b> This is the way of true release!</div>
<div class='line'>This is the way of victory!</div>
<div class='line'>Lord, may we in the spirit live,</div>
<div class='line'>And by the Spirit walk with Thee.</div>
</div>
<div style='height:40px'></div>
</body></html>
