<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=UTF-8"/>
<title>Hymn 0735</title>
<link href='../stylesheet.css' rel='stylesheet' type='text/css'/>
</head>
<body>
<div style='text-align:center'>
<a href='0734.xhtml' class='hidden_a'><b> &lt; </b></a>
<a href='../nav/nav_0000.xhtml' class='hidden_a'>
E<b>735</b> C<b>531</b> K<b>531</b> S<b>307</b>
</a>
 <a href='0736.xhtml' class='hidden_a'><b> &gt; </b></a>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>1</b> The law of letters God defines,</div>
<div class='line'>It is His testimony true;</div>
<div class='line'>It shows how loving, holy, just,</div>
<div class='line'>Is God, with whom we have to do.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>2</b> According to His nature shown</div>
<div class='line'>God's law requires that we must live,</div>
<div class='line'>That He our souls may justify</div>
<div class='line'>And unto us His blessing give.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>3</b> The law can never give us life,</div>
<div class='line'>Nor any strength to us supply,</div>
<div class='line'>But doth its full demands exact</div>
<div class='line'>And all our weakness show thereby.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>4</b> It was not for God's final plan,</div>
<div class='line'>But for man's sin was introduced,</div>
<div class='line'>That man by breaking it might know</div>
<div class='line'>Himself, his sin to him adduced.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>5</b> 'Tis by the law all mouths are stopped</div>
<div class='line'>And all are shut up under sin;</div>
<div class='line'>It brings us to the Christ of God</div>
<div class='line'>That God may bless us all in Him.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>6</b> The law is but a type of Christ,</div>
<div class='line'>Who God's full testimony is,</div>
<div class='line'>Who fully has expressed His love,</div>
<div class='line'>His holiness and righteousness.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>7</b> 'Tis Christ, God's testimony real,</div>
<div class='line'>Who doth with life divine supply,</div>
<div class='line'>That with the law's demands we may</div>
<div class='line'>Be more than able to comply.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>8</b> God's living testimony, He;</div>
<div class='line'>By whom God's potent life we share;</div>
<div class='line'>Thru Him we're dead unto the law,</div>
<div class='line'>And in His Spirit fruit we bear.</div>
</div>
<div style='height:40px'></div>
</body></html>
