<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=UTF-8"/>
<title>Hymn 0736</title>
<link href='../stylesheet.css' rel='stylesheet' type='text/css'/>
</head>
<body>
<div style='text-align:center'>
<a href='0735.xhtml' class='hidden_a'><b> &lt; </b></a>
<a href='../nav/nav_0000.xhtml' class='hidden_a'>
E<b>736</b> C<b>532</b> K<b>532</b> S<b>308</b>
</a>
 <a href='0737.xhtml' class='hidden_a'><b> &gt; </b></a>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>1</b> In ancient times the law of God</div>
<div class='line'>In letter was engraved on stone;</div>
<div class='line'>But now it is a law of life,</div>
<div class='line'>Which in our heart is written down.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>2</b> The law in letters good demands</div>
<div class='line'>And thus our utter weakness shows;</div>
<div class='line'>But now the law of life sustains,</div>
<div class='line'>And strength for God to please bestows.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>3</b> The law in letters brings to us</div>
<div class='line'>God's knowledge only outwardly;</div>
<div class='line'>But now the law of life supplies</div>
<div class='line'>A deeper knowledge inwardly.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>4</b> The law in letters can but rule</div>
<div class='line'>By dead commandments outwardly;</div>
<div class='line'>But now the law of life controls</div>
<div class='line'>By living knowledge inwardly.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>5</b> This living law is moving now</div>
<div class='line'>In all of our experience,</div>
<div class='line'>To regulate us from within</div>
<div class='line'>And check us by our inner sense.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>6</b> How deep its regulation is</div>
<div class='line'>Within the inmost part of us,</div>
<div class='line'>A living consciousness to give,</div>
<div class='line'>And God Himself impart to us.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>7</b> 'Tis by this living law of life</div>
<div class='line'>We need no teaching outwardly,</div>
<div class='line'>For all God's living knowledge now</div>
<div class='line'>This law will teach us inwardly.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>8</b> Lord, teach us by this law to walk,</div>
<div class='line'>Its inner ruling to obey,</div>
<div class='line'>That we may of Thyself partake</div>
<div class='line'>And know Thee in a living way.</div>
</div>
<div style='height:40px'></div>
</body></html>
