<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=UTF-8"/>
<title>Hymn 0742</title>
<link href='../stylesheet.css' rel='stylesheet' type='text/css'/>
</head>
<body>
<div style='text-align:center'>
<a href='0741.xhtml' class='hidden_a'><b> &lt; </b></a>
<a href='../nav/nav_0000.xhtml' class='hidden_a'>
E<b>742</b> C<b>537</b> K<b>537</b> S<b>314</b>
</a>
 <a href='0743.xhtml' class='hidden_a'><b> &gt; </b></a>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>1</b> Man is a being of three parts,</div>
<div class='line'>The body, soul, and spirit too,</div>
<div class='line'>Th' eternal purpose to fulfill</div>
<div class='line'>With God's inheritance in view.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>2</b> The body is the outward part</div>
<div class='line'>That man a world-sense may possess;</div>
<div class='line'>Thus he may touch the outward things</div>
<div class='line'>And bodily himself express.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>3</b> The soul within - the inward part -</div>
<div class='line'>Is but the very self of man;</div>
<div class='line'>The sense of self it gives to him</div>
<div class='line'>To touch the psychic world of man.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>4</b> The spirit is the inmost part</div>
<div class='line'>With which the Lord he may receive;</div>
<div class='line'>The sense of God it gives to man</div>
<div class='line'>That he the spirit-world perceive.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>5</b> Within the soul of man there are</div>
<div class='line'>The mind, emotion, and the will;</div>
<div class='line'>These are the functions for the man</div>
<div class='line'>His human nature to fulfill.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>6</b> Within the spirit of the man</div>
<div class='line'>Are found the conscience, fellowship,</div>
<div class='line'>And intuition, which thereby</div>
<div class='line'>The man to worship God equip.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>7</b> The man must exercise his soul</div>
<div class='line'>To choose that God he may possess,</div>
<div class='line'>And by his spirit God partake,</div>
<div class='line'>And thru his body God express.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>8</b> Man's spirit had to be reborn</div>
<div class='line'>With life divine to him conveyed;</div>
<div class='line'>His soul must be transformed by God,</div>
<div class='line'>His body like Christ's body made.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>9</b> 'Tis by these steps of work divine</div>
<div class='line'>In each of man's three separate parts</div>
<div class='line'>That man is mingled with the Lord</div>
<div class='line'>And His expression full imparts.</div>
</div>
<div style='height:40px'></div>
</body></html>
