<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=UTF-8"/>
<title>Hymn 0749</title>
<link href='../stylesheet.css' rel='stylesheet' type='text/css'/>
</head>
<body>
<div style='text-align:center'>
<a href='0748.xhtml' class='hidden_a'><b> &lt; </b></a>
<a href='../nav/nav_0000.xhtml' class='hidden_a'>
E<b>749</b> C<b>545</b> K<b>545</b> S<b>322</b>
</a>
 <a href='0750.xhtml' class='hidden_a'><b> &gt; </b></a>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>1</b> The Spirit of the triune God</div>
<div class='line'>Within our spirit now doth rest;</div>
<div class='line'>He ever seeks thru us to flow,</div>
<div class='line'>That God in Christ may be expressed.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>2</b> But by the outward, natural man</div>
<div class='line'>The Spirit is confined within;</div>
<div class='line'>Instead of giving Him a home,</div>
<div class='line'>A prison we've become to Him.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>3</b> He's like a treasure of great worth</div>
<div class='line'>Contained in vessels earthen-made;</div>
<div class='line'>The vessel must be broken through</div>
<div class='line'>And thus the treasure be displayed.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>4</b> Oh, how the Lord our self must break,</div>
<div class='line'>Our outward man does so impede!</div>
<div class='line'>It must be broken thoroughly,</div>
<div class='line'>And thus the Spirit will be freed.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>5</b> This is the reason why the Lord</div>
<div class='line'>For us a certain measure makes</div>
<div class='line'>Of circumstantial suffering;</div>
<div class='line'>'Tis thus our outward man He breaks.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>6</b> The outward man, the self, the soul,</div>
<div class='line'>Must be consumed, must be decreased;</div>
<div class='line'>The inner man, our spirit, then</div>
<div class='line'>Shall with the Spirit be released.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>7</b> Lord, grant Thy holy brokenness,</div>
<div class='line'>Deliver me from being whole;</div>
<div class='line'>And make me willing to receive</div>
<div class='line'>The wounds that Thou wouldst give my soul.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>8</b> Oh, cause me to appreciate</div>
<div class='line'>Thy breaking, never to complain;</div>
<div class='line'>And grant that I may value more</div>
<div class='line'>All kinds of loss instead of gain.</div>
</div>
<div style='height:40px'></div>
</body></html>
