<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=UTF-8"/>
<title>Hymn 0756</title>
<link href='../stylesheet.css' rel='stylesheet' type='text/css'/>
</head>
<body>
<div style='text-align:center'>
<a href='0755.xhtml' class='hidden_a'><b> &lt; </b></a>
<a href='../nav/nav_0000.xhtml' class='hidden_a'>
E<b>756</b> C<b>-</b> K<b>-</b> S<b>-</b>
</a>
 <a href='0757.xhtml' class='hidden_a'><b> &gt; </b></a>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>1</b> When Christ of old with healing pow'r</div>
<div class='line'>When forth through all the suffering land,</div>
<div class='line'>His word so oft was wont to be,</div>
<div class='line'>"Stretch forth thy hand, stretch forth thy hand!"</div>
<div class='line'>And though the palsied arm might shrink</div>
<div class='line'>And tremble at the strange command,</div>
<div class='line'>The healing touch was only felt</div>
<div class='line'>While stretching forth the withered hand.</div>
</div>
<div class='chorus'>
<div class='line'>O suffering one, stretch forth your hand,</div>
<div class='line'>Upon His promise take your stand.</div>
<div class='line'>At His command stretch forth your hand,</div>
<div class='line'>And Christ shall make you whole.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>2</b> That changeless Christ is still as near</div>
<div class='line'>And just as kind and strong to save;</div>
<div class='line'>He came to lift our fallen race</div>
<div class='line'>From sin and sickness and the grave.</div>
<div class='line'>As in the days of Galilee,</div>
<div class='line'>Disease still flees at His command;</div>
<div class='line'>But ere His touch your frame can feel,</div>
<div class='line'>You, too, must still stretch forth your hand.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>3</b> What though you feel so weak and faint?</div>
<div class='line'>He can your will with strength endue,</div>
<div class='line'>New faith and courage breathe within</div>
<div class='line'>And work in you to will and do.</div>
<div class='line'>Reach out to meet His quickening touch;</div>
<div class='line'>Take up your bed, arise and stand;</div>
<div class='line'>And pressing through to meet your Lord,</div>
<div class='line'>Stretch forth your hand, stretch forth your hand.</div>
</div>
<div style='height:40px'></div>
</body></html>
