<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=UTF-8"/>
<title>Hymn 0758</title>
<link href='../stylesheet.css' rel='stylesheet' type='text/css'/>
</head>
<body>
<div style='text-align:center'>
<a href='0757.xhtml' class='hidden_a'><b> &lt; </b></a>
<a href='../nav/nav_0000.xhtml' class='hidden_a'>
E<b>758</b> C<b>-</b> K<b>-</b> S<b>-</b>
</a>
 <a href='0759.xhtml' class='hidden_a'><b> &gt; </b></a>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>1</b> Have you found the great Physician,</div>
<div class='line'>Jesus Christ of Galilee?</div>
<div class='line'>He who bore our pain and sorrow,</div>
<div class='line'>On the shameful, cruel tree?</div>
<div class='line'>Still He heals the sick and suff'ring,</div>
<div class='line'>As before He went away;</div>
<div class='line'>For His word most plainly tells us,</div>
<div class='line'>"He is just the same today."</div>
</div>
<div class='chorus'>
<div class='line'>He is just the same today;</div>
<div class='line'>As before He went away.</div>
<div class='line'>Look to Him, believe and pray;</div>
<div class='line'>Trust His word and then obey.</div>
<div class='line'>"Praise God, He is just the same today."</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>2</b> Consecrate your life to Jesus,</div>
<div class='line'>Spirit, soul, and body too;</div>
<div class='line'>For "the Lord is for the body,"</div>
<div class='line'>Every pow'r He gave to you.</div>
<div class='line'>Let there be no reservation,</div>
<div class='line'>Give the Lord full right of way;</div>
<div class='line'>He will come and heal His temple,</div>
<div class='line'>For He is the same today.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>3</b> Do you doubt God's will to heal you?</div>
<div class='line'>Take His word and ask for light;</div>
<div class='line'>If you seek in deep contrition,</div>
<div class='line'>He will guide your heart aright.</div>
<div class='line'>Do you fear to claim His promise,</div>
<div class='line'>He will not your trust betray;</div>
<div class='line'>When on earth He gladly healed them,</div>
<div class='line'>And He is the same today.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>4</b> Oh! I'm glad to tell you, suff'rer,</div>
<div class='line'>Christ has more than healing too;</div>
<div class='line'>Life abundant overflowing,</div>
<div class='line'>He will gladly give to you.</div>
<div class='line'>Step out boldly, claim His fulness,</div>
<div class='line'>Let your sadness flee away;</div>
<div class='line'>When on earth He made them joyful,</div>
<div class='line'>And He is the same today.</div>
</div>
<div style='height:40px'></div>
</body></html>
