<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=UTF-8"/>
<title>Hymn 0762</title>
<link href='../stylesheet.css' rel='stylesheet' type='text/css'/>
</head>
<body>
<div style='text-align:center'>
<a href='0761.xhtml' class='hidden_a'><b> &lt; </b></a>
<a href='../nav/nav_0000.xhtml' class='hidden_a'>
E<b>762</b> C<b>552</b> K<b>552</b> S<b>-</b>
</a>
 <a href='0763.xhtml' class='hidden_a'><b> &gt; </b></a>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>1</b> Prayer is the incense of a holy heart</div>
<div class='line'>Rising to God from bruised and broken things,</div>
<div class='line'>When kindled by the Spirit's burning breath</div>
<div class='line'>And upward borne by faith's burning breath</div>
<div class='line'>And upward borne by faith's ascending wings.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>2</b> Prayer is the perfume of the plants of grace,</div>
<div class='line'>The flowers of patience, faith, and suffering love;</div>
<div class='line'>Treasured in "vials full of odors sweet,"</div>
<div class='line'>God breathes their fragrance in His courts above.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>3</b> Prayer is th' ascending vapor which supplies</div>
<div class='line'>The showers of blessing, and the stream that flows</div>
<div class='line'>Through earth's dry places, till on every side</div>
<div class='line'>"The wilderness shall blossom as the rose."</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>4</b> Prayer is the heavenly telephone that brings</div>
<div class='line'>The distant near, till heaven to earth comes down,</div>
<div class='line'>And in our Father's ear and heart we may</div>
<div class='line'>Our burdens tell and all our sorrows drown.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>5</b> Prayer is the wireless telegraph that sends</div>
<div class='line'>Its heart throbs on the ether waves of heaven;</div>
<div class='line'>It finds the heart of God, and back to earth</div>
<div class='line'>The answering thrill to faith and love are given.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>6</b> Prayer is the golden pipes the Spirit fills,</div>
<div class='line'>Which feed the lamps of God with oil divine,</div>
<div class='line'>And, as with one accord we wait and pray,</div>
<div class='line'>The Spirit fills, the lamps with brightness shine.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>7</b> Prayer is the mightiest force of earth and heaven,</div>
<div class='line'>Prayer is the very dynamite of God;</div>
<div class='line'>It moves the hand that all things moves, and turns</div>
<div class='line'>The living wheels that sweep through earth abroad.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>8</b> Teach us to pray! Move on our hearts, O Lord,</div>
<div class='line'>Till Thine own passion all our being move!</div>
<div class='line'>Teach us! Pray in us, till our prayer shall be</div>
<div class='line'>Christ in us praying to the Christ above!</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>9</b> Teach us to pray! Reveal Thy will to us,</div>
<div class='line'>Till Thine own purpose all our being move!</div>
<div class='line'>Teach us! Pray in us, till our prayer shall be</div>
<div class='line'>God in us answering to the God above!</div>
</div>
<div style='height:40px'></div>
</body></html>
