<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=UTF-8"/>
<title>Hymn 0764</title>
<link href='../stylesheet.css' rel='stylesheet' type='text/css'/>
</head>
<body>
<div style='text-align:center'>
<a href='0763.xhtml' class='hidden_a'><b> &lt; </b></a>
<a href='../nav/nav_0000.xhtml' class='hidden_a'>
E<b>764</b> C<b>553</b> K<b>553</b> S<b>326</b>
</a>
 <a href='0765.xhtml' class='hidden_a'><b> &gt; </b></a>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>1</b> Lord, in Thy presence silent I would be,</div>
<div class='line'>That in the inmost I to Thee may come;</div>
<div class='line'>I would not in my own way pray to Thee,</div>
<div class='line'>But let Thy prayer in me my prayer become.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>2</b> It seems Thou art in heaven hearing me,</div>
<div class='line'>But right within my spirit Thou dost dwell;</div>
<div class='line'>It seems that I am praying unto Thee,</div>
<div class='line'>But really from Thyself the prayers do well.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>3</b> When, Lord, no words my burden can express,</div>
<div class='line'>My spirit with Thy Spirit deeply groans;</div>
<div class='line'>Not verbally I then my plea address,</div>
<div class='line'>But Thou dost pray within with words unknown.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>4</b> I would inhale Thee, Lord, e'en as I breathe,</div>
<div class='line'>And eat and drink Thee as my life supply.</div>
<div class='line'>A deeper fellowship with Thee bequeath</div>
<div class='line'>That Thou express Thyself through me thereby.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>5</b> Here in this fellowship Thy light doth shine,</div>
<div class='line'>Thy precious blood doth cleanse and make me clean;</div>
<div class='line'>May I not only, Lord, Thy light enshrine,</div>
<div class='line'>But may Thou be expressed and clearly seen.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>6</b> Thy oil anoints me here in every way,</div>
<div class='line'>Anointing Thee within unceasingly;</div>
<div class='line'>I more decrease, Thou more increase each day,</div>
<div class='line'>Thus full expression Thou shalt have through me.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>7</b> Myself I open that Thou may flow in;</div>
<div class='line'>Op'ning myself to others, Lord, flow out;</div>
<div class='line'>By such a stream, the fellowship within,</div>
<div class='line'>Thou, Lord, expressed will be my life throughout.</div>
</div>
<div style='height:40px'></div>
</body></html>
