<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=UTF-8"/>
<title>Hymn 0769</title>
<link href='../stylesheet.css' rel='stylesheet' type='text/css'/>
</head>
<body>
<div style='text-align:center'>
<a href='0768.xhtml' class='hidden_a'><b> &lt; </b></a>
<a href='../nav/nav_0000.xhtml' class='hidden_a'>
E<b>769</b> C<b>556</b> K<b>556</b> S<b>327</b>
</a>
 <a href='0770.xhtml' class='hidden_a'><b> &gt; </b></a>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>1</b> To the holiest place I'd come,</div>
<div class='line'>There within the veil to be;</div>
<div class='line'>There to touch the throne of grace,</div>
<div class='line'>Let life's water flow thru me.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>2</b> Now the holiest place of all</div>
<div class='line'>Right within my spirit is;</div>
<div class='line'>Here the Lord in me abides,</div>
<div class='line'>And my spirit joins with His.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>3</b> To my spirit I'd return,</div>
<div class='line'>For 'tis here the Lord I'll meet;</div>
<div class='line'>O how marvellous it is!</div>
<div class='line'>He's within, in me complete.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>4</b> Fragrance of the risen Christ</div>
<div class='line'>Thru my spirit may be spread;</div>
<div class='line'>If in spirit I will pray</div>
<div class='line'>Christ will be exhibited.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>5</b> If in spirit Him I touch,</div>
<div class='line'>With His riches filled I'll be;</div>
<div class='line'>Life and light and love and grace</div>
<div class='line'>As a stream will flow thru me.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>6</b> Touching deeply, richly I</div>
<div class='line'>Of Himself experience,</div>
<div class='line'>Thus the law of life I touch</div>
<div class='line'>And His clear anointing sense.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>7</b> In my spirit deeper still</div>
<div class='line'>I would touch the Lord I love,</div>
<div class='line'>Touch Him in His hidden depth</div>
<div class='line'>And His hidden manna prove.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>8</b> When the resurrection life</div>
<div class='line'>Is made real in pow'r to me,</div>
<div class='line'>As the rod with sprouting buds,</div>
<div class='line'>I will then accepted be.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>9</b> Here I find the throne of grace,</div>
<div class='line'>Where the living water flows</div>
<div class='line'>As a river full of grace</div>
<div class='line'>Into me grace to bestow.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>10</b> Then whene'er we meet to pray,</div>
<div class='line'>All our spirits we'll release;</div>
<div class='line'>Mingled will our spirits be,</div>
<div class='line'>And we'll serve the Lord as priests.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>11</b> This the holiest place is too,</div>
<div class='line'>Where we all may touch the Lord,</div>
<div class='line'>Touch His throne in many ways</div>
<div class='line'>Till His grace on us is poured.</div>
</div>
<div style='height:40px'></div>
</body></html>
