<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=UTF-8"/>
<title>Hymn 0777</title>
<link href='../stylesheet.css' rel='stylesheet' type='text/css'/>
</head>
<body>
<div style='text-align:center'>
<a href='0776.xhtml' class='hidden_a'><b> &lt; </b></a>
<a href='../nav/nav_0000.xhtml' class='hidden_a'>
E<b>777</b> C<b>560</b> K<b>560</b> S<b>-</b>
</a>
 <a href='0778.xhtml' class='hidden_a'><b> &gt; </b></a>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>1</b> Say to this mountain, "Go,</div>
<div class='line'>Be cast into the sea!"</div>
<div class='line'>And doubt not in thine heart</div>
<div class='line'>That it shall be to thee.</div>
<div class='line'>It shall be done, doubt not His Word,</div>
<div class='line'>Command thy mountain in the Lord!</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>2</b> Claim thy redemption right,</div>
<div class='line'>Purchased by precious blood;</div>
<div class='line'>The Trinity unite</div>
<div class='line'>To make it true and good.</div>
<div class='line'>It shall be done, obey the Word,</div>
<div class='line'>Command thy mountain in the Lord!</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>3</b> Self, sickness, sorrow, sin,</div>
<div class='line'>The Lord did meet that day</div>
<div class='line'>One His beloved One,</div>
<div class='line'>And thou art "loosed away."</div>
<div class='line'>It shall be done, rest on His Word!</div>
<div class='line'>Command thy mountain in the Lord!</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>4</b> Compass the frowning wall</div>
<div class='line'>With silent prayer, then raise -</div>
<div class='line'>Before its ramparts fall -</div>
<div class='line'>The victor's shout of praise.</div>
<div class='line'>It shall be done, faith rests assured,</div>
<div class='line'>Command thy mountain in the Lord!</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>5</b> The two-leaved gates of brass,</div>
<div class='line'>The bars of iron yield,</div>
<div class='line'>To let the faithful pass,</div>
<div class='line'>Conquerors in every field.</div>
<div class='line'>It shall be done, the foe ignored,</div>
<div class='line'>Command thy mountain in the Lord!</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>6</b> Take then the faith of God,</div>
<div class='line'>Free from the taint of doubt;</div>
<div class='line'>The wonder-working rod</div>
<div class='line'>That casts all reasoning out.</div>
<div class='line'>It shall be done, stand on the Word.</div>
<div class='line'>Command thy mountain in the Lord!</div>
</div>
<div style='height:40px'></div>
</body></html>
