<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=UTF-8"/>
<title>Hymn 0791</title>
<link href='../stylesheet.css' rel='stylesheet' type='text/css'/>
</head>
<body>
<div style='text-align:center'>
<a href='0790.xhtml' class='hidden_a'><b> &lt; </b></a>
<a href='../nav/nav_0000.xhtml' class='hidden_a'>
E<b>791</b> C<b>573</b> K<b>573</b> S<b>-</b>
</a>
 <a href='0792.xhtml' class='hidden_a'><b> &gt; </b></a>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>1</b> The priest's position holy is;</div>
<div class='line'>He sacrifices e'er to God,</div>
<div class='line'>Beholds His beauty, incense burns</div>
<div class='line'>Of prayer before the Lord.</div>
</div>
<div class='chorus'>
<div class='line'>Let us the incense burn</div>
<div class='line'>Of prayer before the Lord;</div>
<div class='line'>The lamp we'd light, through day and night</div>
<div class='line'>Our praise to Him outpoured.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>2</b> No natural light, but just the lamp</div>
<div class='line'>Within the holy place gives sight;</div>
<div class='line'>Whene'er the priest the incense burns,</div>
<div class='line'>The lamp he too must light.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>3</b> The grace of God let us extol</div>
<div class='line'>And stir our heart sweet praise to sing;</div>
<div class='line'>For priests not only light the lamp,</div>
<div class='line'>But constant praises bring.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>4</b> I'll offer prayers as incense burns,</div>
<div class='line'>Christ's resurrection bring therein,</div>
<div class='line'>God's wish thus meet, His heart give joy,</div>
<div class='line'>And I'll rejoice with Him.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>5</b> I'll read His Word, His light receive,</div>
<div class='line'>E'en as the lamp before Him lit,</div>
<div class='line'>His holy light illum'ning me</div>
<div class='line'>To others I'll transmit.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>6</b> Unto the Lord His praise I'll sing</div>
<div class='line'>As holy priests their songs did raise;</div>
<div class='line'>O may my heart be filled with Him</div>
<div class='line'>His love and grace to praise.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>7</b> I'll offer Christ to God in prayer,</div>
<div class='line'>I'll read the Word, His light to know,</div>
<div class='line'>For all His grace I'll sing His praise,</div>
<div class='line'>The Spirit then may flow.</div>
</div>
<div style='height:40px'></div>
</body></html>
