<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=UTF-8"/>
<title>Hymn 0793</title>
<link href='../stylesheet.css' rel='stylesheet' type='text/css'/>
</head>
<body>
<div style='text-align:center'>
<a href='0792.xhtml' class='hidden_a'><b> &lt; </b></a>
<a href='../nav/nav_0000.xhtml' class='hidden_a'>
E<b>793</b> C<b>575</b> K<b>575</b> S<b>-</b>
</a>
 <a href='0794.xhtml' class='hidden_a'><b> &gt; </b></a>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>1</b> My soul, be silent, wait upon the Lord!</div>
<div class='line'>First let Him speak to thee, then speak to Him;</div>
<div class='line'>True prayer in thee the Lord initiates,</div>
<div class='line'>Thou but a channel art expressing Him.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>2</b> My soul, be silent, wait upon the Lord!</div>
<div class='line'>Learn to deny thy thought and all thy will.</div>
<div class='line'>Learn to let God anoint thee with Himself</div>
<div class='line'>And thru thy prayer His purposes fulfill.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>3</b> My soul, be silent, wait upon the Lord!</div>
<div class='line'>Silent to all thy wishes and thy plans,</div>
<div class='line'>Silent to all thy earthly cares and calls,</div>
<div class='line'>That God may work in thee all His demands.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>4</b> My soul, be silent, wait upon the Lord!</div>
<div class='line'>Yield to the spirit all thy heart and mind;</div>
<div class='line'>Here let the spirit show what God reveals,</div>
<div class='line'>Thee its obedient servant thus to find.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>5</b> My soul, be silent, wait upon the Lord!</div>
<div class='line'>Learn thus to let the Spirit pray thru thee;</div>
<div class='line'>All of thy being with the Spirit move,</div>
<div class='line'>Thy prayer will thus God's own expression be.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>6</b> My soul, be silent, wait upon the Lord!</div>
<div class='line'>Till in the spirit thou with God art one,</div>
<div class='line'>Till thru the spirit God possesses all</div>
<div class='line'>And thus transforms each part unto His Son.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>7</b> My soul, be silent, wait upon the Lord!</div>
<div class='line'>Till God may freely, fully flow thru thee,</div>
<div class='line'>Till all thy words and actions hour by hour</div>
<div class='line'>Are the fulfillment of God's will thru thee.</div>
</div>
<div style='height:40px'></div>
</body></html>
