<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=UTF-8"/>
<title>Hymn 0794</title>
<link href='../stylesheet.css' rel='stylesheet' type='text/css'/>
</head>
<body>
<div style='text-align:center'>
<a href='0793.xhtml' class='hidden_a'><b> &lt; </b></a>
<a href='../nav/nav_0000.xhtml' class='hidden_a'>
E<b>794</b> C<b>-</b> K<b>-</b> S<b>-</b>
</a>
 <a href='0795.xhtml' class='hidden_a'><b> &gt; </b></a>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>1</b> Stir me, oh, stir me, Lord, I care not how,</div>
<div class='line'>But stir my heart in passion for the world,</div>
<div class='line'>Stir me to give, to go, but most to pray;</div>
<div class='line'>Stir till the blood-red banner be unfurled</div>
<div class='line'>O'er lands that still in heathen darkness lie,</div>
<div class='line'>O'er deserts where no cross is lifted high.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>2</b> Stir me, oh, stir me, Lord, till all my heart</div>
<div class='line'>Is filled with strong compassion for these souls;</div>
<div class='line'>Till Thy compelling word drives me to pray;</div>
<div class='line'>Till Thy constraining love reach to the poles</div>
<div class='line'>Far north and south, in burning deep desire,</div>
<div class='line'>Till east and west are caught in love's great fire.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>3</b> Stir me, oh, stir me, Lord, till prayer is pain,</div>
<div class='line'>Till prayer is joy, till prayer turns into praise;</div>
<div class='line'>Stir me, till heart and will and mind, yea, all</div>
<div class='line'>Is wholly Thine to use through all the days.</div>
<div class='line'>Stir, till I learn to pray exceedingly;</div>
<div class='line'>Stir, till I learn to wait expectantly.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>4</b> Stir me, oh, stir me, Lord, Thy heart was stirred</div>
<div class='line'>By love's intensest fire, till Thou didst give</div>
<div class='line'>Thine only Son, Thy best beloved One,</div>
<div class='line'>E'en to the dreadful cross, that I might live.</div>
<div class='line'>Stir me to give myself so back to Thee,</div>
<div class='line'>That Thou canst give Thyself again through me.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>5</b> Stir me, oh, stir me, Lord, for I can see</div>
<div class='line'>Thy glorious triumph-day begin to break;</div>
<div class='line'>The dawn already gilds the eastern sky;</div>
<div class='line'>Oh, Church of Christ, arise, awake, awake.</div>
<div class='line'>Oh! stir us, Lord, as heralds of that day.</div>
<div class='line'>For night is past, our King is on His way.</div>
</div>
<div style='height:40px'></div>
</body></html>
