<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=UTF-8"/>
<title>Hymn 0802</title>
<link href='../stylesheet.css' rel='stylesheet' type='text/css'/>
</head>
<body>
<div style='text-align:center'>
<a href='0801.xhtml' class='hidden_a'><b> &lt; </b></a>
<a href='../nav/nav_0000.xhtml' class='hidden_a'>
E<b>802</b> C<b>582</b> K<b>582</b> S<b>341</b>
</a>
 <a href='0803.xhtml' class='hidden_a'><b> &gt; </b></a>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>1</b> Thou art the Word and Spirit, Lord;</div>
<div class='line'>Now in one spirit worship we;</div>
<div class='line'>'Tis by the Word we understand,</div>
<div class='line'>And in the Spirit contact Thee.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>2</b> Since Thou with me has joined in one,</div>
<div class='line'>Thou art my all, O Lord, thereby;</div>
<div class='line'>And as the Spirit and the Word</div>
<div class='line'>Thou cam'st to me as my supply.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>3</b> If Thou art Lord, yet not the Word,</div>
<div class='line'>How couldest Thou be know to me?</div>
<div class='line'>If Thou art God yet Spirit not,</div>
<div class='line'>How could I ever contact Thee?</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>4</b> The Word reveals Thyself to me</div>
<div class='line'>And knowledge of Thyself imparts;</div>
<div class='line'>The Spirit is Thy substance true</div>
<div class='line'>Whereby I touch Thee as Thou art.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>5</b> Thou art my life, my light, my way,</div>
<div class='line'>My food, my strength and guaranty;</div>
<div class='line'>By Word made known, as Spirit these</div>
<div class='line'>Become experience to me.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>6</b> The Word in Scripture is expressed,</div>
<div class='line'>Thy Spirit, the Indwelling One;</div>
<div class='line'>Thy Word is spirit and is life</div>
<div class='line'>When to my spirit it doth come.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>7</b> If I Thy Word would understand,</div>
<div class='line'>I must Thy Holy Spirit touch;</div>
<div class='line'>Not only grasp it with my mind,</div>
<div class='line'>But with my spirit, praying much.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>8</b> Thy precious Word my heart doth love,</div>
<div class='line'>My spirit fellowships with Thine;</div>
<div class='line'>My heart rejoices in Thy Word,</div>
<div class='line'>My spirit praises sings in Thine.</div>
</div>
<div style='height:40px'></div>
</body></html>
