<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=UTF-8"/>
<title>Hymn 0811</title>
<link href='../stylesheet.css' rel='stylesheet' type='text/css'/>
</head>
<body>
<div style='text-align:center'>
<a href='0810.xhtml' class='hidden_a'><b> &lt; </b></a>
<a href='../nav/nav_0000.xhtml' class='hidden_a'>
E<b>811</b> C<b>586</b> K<b>586</b> S<b>343</b>
</a>
 <a href='0812.xhtml' class='hidden_a'><b> &gt; </b></a>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>1</b> My heart is hungry, my spirit doth thirst;</div>
<div class='line'>I come to Thee, Lord, to seek Thy supply;</div>
<div class='line'>All that I need is none other but Thee,</div>
<div class='line'>Thou canst my hunger and thirst satisfy.</div>
</div>
<div class='chorus'>
<div class='line'>Feed me, Lord Jesus, give me to drink,</div>
<div class='line'>Fill all my hunger, quench all my thirst;</div>
<div class='line'>Flood me with joy, be the strength of my life,</div>
<div class='line'>Fill all my hunger, quench all my thirst.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>2</b> Thou art the food and the water of life,</div>
<div class='line'>Thou canst revive me, my spirit upbear;</div>
<div class='line'>I long to eat and to drink here of Thee,</div>
<div class='line'>Thyself enjoy through my reading and prayer.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>3</b> Thou art the Word with God's fulness in Thee,</div>
<div class='line'>Thou too the Spirit that God my life be;</div>
<div class='line'>Thee in the Word I enjoy as my food,</div>
<div class='line'>Thou as the Spirit art water to me.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>4</b> Thou from the heavens as food camest down,</div>
<div class='line'>Thou to be drink hast been smitten for me;</div>
<div class='line'>Thou as the food, my exhaustless supply,</div>
<div class='line'>Thou as the water, a stream unto me.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>5</b> Thou in the Word art the Spirit and life,</div>
<div class='line'>Thus by the Word I may feed upon Thee;</div>
<div class='line'>Thou dost as Spirit in my spirit live,</div>
<div class='line'>Thus I may drink in the spirit of Thee.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>6</b> Now to enjoy Thee I come to Thy Word,</div>
<div class='line'>On Thee to feed till my hunger is o'er.</div>
<div class='line'>Now in my spirit I turn unto Thee,</div>
<div class='line'>Of Thee to drink till I'm thirsty no more.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>7</b> Feeding and drinking, Lord Jesus, of Thee,</div>
<div class='line'>Feeding by reading, and drinking by prayer;</div>
<div class='line'>Reading and praying, I eat and I drink,</div>
<div class='line'>Praying and reading - Lord, Thou art my fare.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>8</b> Here, O my Lord, may I feast upon Thee;</div>
<div class='line'>Flood with Thy Spirit and fill by Thy Word;</div>
<div class='line'>May, Lord, Thou be such a feast unto me</div>
<div class='line'>As man hath never enjoyed nor e'er heard.</div>
</div>
<div style='height:40px'></div>
</body></html>
