<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=UTF-8"/>
<title>Hymn 0813</title>
<link href='../stylesheet.css' rel='stylesheet' type='text/css'/>
</head>
<body>
<div style='text-align:center'>
<a href='0812.xhtml' class='hidden_a'><b> &lt; </b></a>
<a href='../nav/nav_0000.xhtml' class='hidden_a'>
E<b>813</b> C<b>587</b> K<b>587</b> S<b>345</b>
</a>
 <a href='0814.xhtml' class='hidden_a'><b> &gt; </b></a>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>1</b> I come before Thy throne of grace</div>
<div class='line'>With hungry heart on Thee to feed,</div>
<div class='line'>Thy grace and mercy to receive</div>
<div class='line'>To help me in this hour of need.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>2</b> Here I behold Thy radiant face,</div>
<div class='line'>Its light upon my heart doth shine</div>
<div class='line'>With healing rays consuming all</div>
<div class='line'>The weaknesses and faults of mine.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>3</b> 'Tis here Thy light illuminates</div>
<div class='line'>My true condition unto me;</div>
<div class='line'>'Tis here Thy blood's effectiveness</div>
<div class='line'>To cleanse from sin I gladly see.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>4</b> Thy Spirit too anoints me here</div>
<div class='line'>And makes Thy very substance mine;</div>
<div class='line'>Thy very self I thus enjoy</div>
<div class='line'>And know Thy very heart's design.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>5</b> Thy Word I read before Thee here</div>
<div class='line'>E'en as the priests the lamp did light;</div>
<div class='line'>Thy Spirit is as oil to me</div>
<div class='line'>To light Thy Word and give me sight.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>6</b> E'en as the priests the incense burned,</div>
<div class='line'>In prayer to Thee I persevere;</div>
<div class='line'>As incense Thou the Spirit art</div>
<div class='line'>Mixed with the prayer I offer here.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>7</b> Thy Word is light, Thy Word is food;</div>
<div class='line'>Which doth enlighten and supply;</div>
<div class='line'>I long to read and feed much more,</div>
<div class='line'>For light and food to satisfy.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>8</b> Thou art the living water too</div>
<div class='line'>Which full revival doth bestow;</div>
<div class='line'>I wish to pray and drink e'en more</div>
<div class='line'>That through me living rivers flow.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>9</b> Thou art the incense unto God,</div>
<div class='line'>In Thee acceptance is complete;</div>
<div class='line'>I want to pray yet more and more,</div>
<div class='line'>To offer up this fragrance sweet.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>10</b> By reading I'm enlightened, filled,</div>
<div class='line'>By prayer my thirst is quenched indeed;</div>
<div class='line'>Thus Thou to me may be supplied,</div>
<div class='line'>And Thou through me may meet the need.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>11</b> I long to have such fellowship,</div>
<div class='line'>To read and pray and blend with Thee;</div>
<div class='line'>I long that Thou wouldst saturate</div>
<div class='line'>Till Thou may overflow from me.</div>
</div>
<div style='height:40px'></div>
</body></html>
