<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=UTF-8"/>
<title>Hymn 0814</title>
<link href='../stylesheet.css' rel='stylesheet' type='text/css'/>
</head>
<body>
<div style='text-align:center'>
<a href='0813.xhtml' class='hidden_a'><b> &lt; </b></a>
<a href='../nav/nav_0000.xhtml' class='hidden_a'>
E<b>814</b> C<b>589</b> K<b>589</b> S<b>346</b>
</a>
 <a href='0815.xhtml' class='hidden_a'><b> &gt; </b></a>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>1</b> "Man shall not live by bread alone,</div>
<div class='line'>But by each word which doth proceed</div>
<div class='line'>From God's own mouth"; these we must eat</div>
<div class='line'>And let them be our life indeed.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>2</b> Not just a body we were made,</div>
<div class='line'>But body, soul, and spirit too;</div>
<div class='line'>The inmost part the spirit is</div>
<div class='line'>To contact God and Him pursue.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>3</b> Just as we need the earthly food</div>
<div class='line'>Our body's need to satisfy,</div>
<div class='line'>We need the food for spirit too -</div>
<div class='line'>Thyself, Thy Word, its true supply.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>4</b> Thou art the Spirit, and Thy Word</div>
<div class='line'>Thy very Self expressed doth make;</div>
<div class='line'>Thus, it is Spirit as Thyself,</div>
<div class='line'>Which by our spirit we must take.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>5</b> Thus, to receive Thy Word is not</div>
<div class='line'>To read it only with our eyes</div>
<div class='line'>And understand it in our mind,</div>
<div class='line'>But 'tis the spirit's exercise.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>6</b> Thy Word in spirit we must eat</div>
<div class='line'>And to our inmost part receive;</div>
<div class='line'>'Tis by our spirit's exercise</div>
<div class='line'>To pray with what our minds perceive.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>7</b> Thy Word remaining in our mind</div>
<div class='line'>Is only knowledge burdensome,</div>
<div class='line'>But when it to the spirit goes</div>
<div class='line'>Then life and spirit it becomes.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>8</b> 'Tis only when our spirit acts</div>
<div class='line'>To take Thy Word and contact Thee,</div>
<div class='line'>We truly feed upon Thy Word</div>
<div class='line'>And touch Thyself most inwardly.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>9</b> Lord, teach us how to exercise</div>
<div class='line'>Our spirit when Thy Word we read;</div>
<div class='line'>Then will our spirit nourished be</div>
<div class='line'>As thus upon Thyself we feed.</div>
</div>
<div style='height:40px'></div>
</body></html>
