<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=UTF-8"/>
<title>Hymn 0817</title>
<link href='../stylesheet.css' rel='stylesheet' type='text/css'/>
</head>
<body>
<div style='text-align:center'>
<a href='0816.xhtml' class='hidden_a'><b> &lt; </b></a>
<a href='../nav/nav_0000.xhtml' class='hidden_a'>
E<b>817</b> C<b>-</b> K<b>-</b> S<b>-</b>
</a>
 <a href='0818.xhtml' class='hidden_a'><b> &gt; </b></a>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>1</b> We limit not the truth of God</div>
<div class='line'>To our poor reach of mind,</div>
<div class='line'>By notions of our day and sect,</div>
<div class='line'>Crude, partial and confined.</div>
<div class='line'>Now let a new and better hope</div>
<div class='line'>Within our hearts be stirred:</div>
<div class='line'>The Lord hath yet more light and truth</div>
<div class='line'>To break forth from His Word.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>2</b> Who dares to bind by his dull sense</div>
<div class='line'>The oracles of heaven,</div>
<div class='line'>For all the nations, tongues and climes</div>
<div class='line'>And all the ages given!</div>
<div class='line'>The universe how much unknown!</div>
<div class='line'>That ocean unexplored!</div>
<div class='line'>The Lord hath yet more light and truth</div>
<div class='line'>To break forth from His Word.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>3</b> Darkling our great forefathers went</div>
<div class='line'>The first steps of the way;</div>
<div class='line'>'Twas but the dawning yet to grow</div>
<div class='line'>Into the perfect day;</div>
<div class='line'>And grow it shall, our glorious Sun</div>
<div class='line'>More fervid rays afford:</div>
<div class='line'>The Lord hath yet more light and truth</div>
<div class='line'>To break forth from His Word.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>4</b> The valleys past, ascending still,</div>
<div class='line'>Our souls would higher climb,</div>
<div class='line'>And look down from supernal heights,</div>
<div class='line'>On all the bygone times;</div>
<div class='line'>Upward we press, the air is clear,</div>
<div class='line'>And the sphere-music heard!</div>
<div class='line'>The Lord hath yet more light and truth</div>
<div class='line'>To break forth from His Word.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>5</b> O Father, Son and Spirit, send</div>
<div class='line'>Us increase from above;</div>
<div class='line'>Enlarge, expand all Christian hearts</div>
<div class='line'>To comprehend Thy love;</div>
<div class='line'>And make us all go on to know</div>
<div class='line'>With nobler powers conferred:</div>
<div class='line'>The Lord hath yet more light and truth</div>
<div class='line'>To break forth from His Word.</div>
</div>
<div style='height:40px'></div>
</body></html>
