<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=UTF-8"/>
<title>Hymn 0821</title>
<link href='../stylesheet.css' rel='stylesheet' type='text/css'/>
</head>
<body>
<div style='text-align:center'>
<a href='0820.xhtml' class='hidden_a'><b> &lt; </b></a>
<a href='../nav/nav_0000.xhtml' class='hidden_a'>
E<b>821</b> C<b>595</b> K<b>595</b> S<b>350</b>
</a>
 <a href='0822.xhtml' class='hidden_a'><b> &gt; </b></a>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>1</b> The Church the vessel is to Christ,</div>
<div class='line'>Him to contain and Him express,</div>
<div class='line'>Just as the human body doth</div>
<div class='line'>Man's life show forth, his life possess.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>2</b> As was the temple to the ark,</div>
<div class='line'>Receptacle and resting-place;</div>
<div class='line'>So Christ the Church's content is,</div>
<div class='line'>And in the Church, Christ's dwelling-place.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>3</b> As Christ is God's true mystery,</div>
<div class='line'>God to explain and God express;</div>
<div class='line'>So is the Church Christ's mystery,</div>
<div class='line'>Christ to explain and manifest.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>4</b> The members of the Church of Christ</div>
<div class='line'>Are all primarily of clay;</div>
<div class='line'>They need to be transformed and made</div>
<div class='line'>Transparent, precious day by day.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>5</b> By transformation they are built,</div>
<div class='line'>A vessel they to Christ afford;</div>
<div class='line'>His all-inclusiveness they hold;</div>
<div class='line'>Transparent, they express the Lord.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>6</b> Thru all the transformation work</div>
<div class='line'>The triune God performs in them,</div>
<div class='line'>The Church a corporate vessel is</div>
<div class='line'>And like the new Jerusalem.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>7</b> How precious she in each respect,</div>
<div class='line'>Transparent too in every phase;</div>
<div class='line'>Christ with God's fulness she contains,</div>
<div class='line'>Christ with God's glory she displays.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>8</b> With Christ as life, with God as light,</div>
<div class='line'>And with the Spirit's living flow,</div>
<div class='line'>The triune God she manifests</div>
<div class='line'>For all the universe to know.</div>
</div>
<div style='height:40px'></div>
</body></html>
