<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=UTF-8"/>
<title>Hymn 0822</title>
<link href='../stylesheet.css' rel='stylesheet' type='text/css'/>
</head>
<body>
<div style='text-align:center'>
<a href='0821.xhtml' class='hidden_a'><b> &lt; </b></a>
<a href='../nav/nav_0000.xhtml' class='hidden_a'>
E<b>822</b> C<b>596</b> K<b>596</b> S<b>-</b>
</a>
 <a href='0823.xhtml' class='hidden_a'><b> &gt; </b></a>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>1</b> The Church the lampstand is to Christ,</div>
<div class='line'>Christ is the lamp with God as light;</div>
<div class='line'>The light divine from Christ doth shine,</div>
<div class='line'>The Church upholds its glory bright.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>2</b> The light which shines within the lamp</div>
<div class='line'>Is God as life, unique, divine;</div>
<div class='line'>The stand must therefore be of gold</div>
<div class='line'>To match the glory which doth shine.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>3</b> Amid the darkness of this age</div>
<div class='line'>The light of life divine doth beam</div>
<div class='line'>In many centers of mankind</div>
<div class='line'>Where Jesus' testimony's seen.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>4</b> To be this testimony pure</div>
<div class='line'>"First love" to Christ the Church must keep;</div>
<div class='line'>Then from the "tree of life" she may</div>
<div class='line'>The overcomer's portion reap.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>5</b> She must the persecution bear</div>
<div class='line'>That she the "crown of life" may gain;</div>
<div class='line'>Adult'ry spiritual o'ercome,</div>
<div class='line'>The "hidden manna" to obtain.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>6</b> The deeds of "Jezebel" desert,</div>
<div class='line'>That she may rule the earth with might;</div>
<div class='line'>Defiling deadness overcome</div>
<div class='line'>To be arrayed in "garments white."</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>7</b> Like "Philadelphia" she must be</div>
<div class='line'>To keep Christ's word, confess His Name;</div>
<div class='line'>All "lukewarm" pride she must o'ercome</div>
<div class='line'>To feast with Him who overcame.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>8</b> Thus will the Church be purified</div>
<div class='line'>To be the lampstand of pure gold,</div>
<div class='line'>To match the testimony pure,</div>
<div class='line'>The life of Jesus fit to hold.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>9</b> The local churches here on earth</div>
<div class='line'>The lampstands in this age should be;</div>
<div class='line'>The glorious new Jerusalem</div>
<div class='line'>The lampstand in eternity.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>10</b> The city as pure gold will be,</div>
<div class='line'>The final lampstand consummate;</div>
<div class='line'>Christ as the lamp she e'er will hold</div>
<div class='line'>And God's full light will radiate.</div>
</div>
<div style='height:40px'></div>
</body></html>
