<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=UTF-8"/>
<title>Hymn 0823</title>
<link href='../stylesheet.css' rel='stylesheet' type='text/css'/>
</head>
<body>
<div style='text-align:center'>
<a href='0822.xhtml' class='hidden_a'><b> &lt; </b></a>
<a href='../nav/nav_0000.xhtml' class='hidden_a'>
E<b>823</b> C<b>597</b> K<b>597</b> S<b>-</b>
</a>
 <a href='0824.xhtml' class='hidden_a'><b> &gt; </b></a>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>1</b> God before the world's foundation</div>
<div class='line'>Chose the Church in Christ the Son,</div>
<div class='line'>That the Church might share the sonship,</div>
<div class='line'>Holy, blameless, with Him one;</div>
<div class='line'>That the Church be His possession</div>
<div class='line'>With the Spirit as the seal,</div>
<div class='line'>Of our heritage the earnest</div>
<div class='line'>While His Son He does reveal.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>2</b> To the throne Christ has ascended,</div>
<div class='line'>Far above all rule and power;</div>
<div class='line'>God has made Him Head o'er all things</div>
<div class='line'>To the Church, His Body here.</div>
<div class='line'>All in He ever filleth,</div>
<div class='line'>And His fulness is expressed</div>
<div class='line'>Through the Church, which is His Body</div>
<div class='line'>And His image manifests.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>3</b> We, once dead in our offences,</div>
<div class='line'>Walking in the worldly course,</div>
<div class='line'>Lusts of flesh and mind fulfilling,</div>
<div class='line'>Satan and his hosts their source,</div>
<div class='line'>God with Christ has resurrected,</div>
<div class='line'>Seated in the heavenlies;</div>
<div class='line'>We, His masterpiece, created</div>
<div class='line'>In Christ Jesus, Him to please.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>4</b> Jews and Gentiles are one body -</div>
<div class='line'>God His myst'ry has made known -</div>
<div class='line'>On apostles, prophets founded,</div>
<div class='line'>Jesus Christ the cornerstone;</div>
<div class='line'>We in Him are built together</div>
<div class='line'>For God's dwelling manifest,</div>
<div class='line'>Fitly framed by God the Spirit</div>
<div class='line'>For His pleasure and His rest.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>5</b> In eternal ages purposed</div>
<div class='line'>That His wisdom be made known,</div>
<div class='line'>Was the Church, His hidden myst'ry,</div>
<div class='line'>Where the Son could make His home;</div>
<div class='line'>That the saints may all in spirit</div>
<div class='line'>Apprehend His boundlessness,</div>
<div class='line'>Know His love which passes knowledge,</div>
<div class='line'>All God's fulness to possess.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>6</b> One in body, hope, and Spirit,</div>
<div class='line'>One in faith, one Lord, the Son,</div>
<div class='line'>One baptizing, with one Father,</div>
<div class='line'>That the Church may thus be one;</div>
<div class='line'>Christ to know in all His fulness,</div>
<div class='line'>Unto manhood be matured,</div>
<div class='line'>Ne'er by winds of doctrine carried,</div>
<div class='line'>Nor by cunning men allured.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>7</b> Many gifts the Lord has given,</div>
<div class='line'>That His Body He may build,</div>
<div class='line'>That the saints may be perfected</div>
<div class='line'>And their ministry fulfilled.</div>
<div class='line'>Thus we must put off the old man</div>
<div class='line'>That we may put on the new;</div>
<div class='line'>Thus, renewed in mind and spirit,</div>
<div class='line'>We will bear God's image true.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>8</b> Christ in love Himself has given</div>
<div class='line'>That the Church be sanctified,</div>
<div class='line'>Without blemish, spot, or wrinkle,</div>
<div class='line'>To become His glorious bride.</div>
<div class='line'>He does nourish her and cherish</div>
<div class='line'>As a man his body treats;</div>
<div class='line'>He and she become one body -</div>
<div class='line'>Thus the myst'ry very great.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>9</b> Body, house, new man the Church is,</div>
<div class='line'>Bride, and temple, and yet more:</div>
<div class='line'>She's the army too which fighteth</div>
<div class='line'>All God's foe to triumph o'er.</div>
<div class='line'>She is clothed with all God's armor,</div>
<div class='line'>In His mighty strength is strong,</div>
<div class='line'>Standing in the Lord, resisting,</div>
<div class='line'>With all prayers she fighteth on.</div>
</div>
<div style='height:40px'></div>
</body></html>
