<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=UTF-8"/>
<title>Hymn 0824</title>
<link href='../stylesheet.css' rel='stylesheet' type='text/css'/>
</head>
<body>
<div style='text-align:center'>
<a href='0823.xhtml' class='hidden_a'><b> &lt; </b></a>
<a href='../nav/nav_0000.xhtml' class='hidden_a'>
E<b>824</b> C<b>598</b> K<b>598</b> S<b>351</b>
</a>
 <a href='0825.xhtml' class='hidden_a'><b> &gt; </b></a>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>1</b> The Church is Christ's own Body,</div>
<div class='line'>The Father's dwelling-place,</div>
<div class='line'>The gathering of the called ones,</div>
<div class='line'>God blended with man's race;</div>
<div class='line'>Elect before creation,</div>
<div class='line'>Redeemed by Calv'ry's death,</div>
<div class='line'>Her character and standing</div>
<div class='line'>Of heaven, not of earth.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>2</b> New man of new creation,</div>
<div class='line'>Born through her risen Lord,</div>
<div class='line'>Baptized in God the Spirit,</div>
<div class='line'>Made holy by His Word;</div>
<div class='line'>Christ is her life and content,</div>
<div class='line'>Himself her glorious Head;</div>
<div class='line'>She has ascended with Him</div>
<div class='line'>O'er all her foes to tread.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>3</b> Christ is her one foundation,</div>
<div class='line'>None other man may lay;</div>
<div class='line'>All that she has, as Christ, is</div>
<div class='line'>Divine in every way;</div>
<div class='line'>Her members through the Spirit</div>
<div class='line'>Their death on Calv'ry own;</div>
<div class='line'>They're built in resurrection -</div>
<div class='line'>Gold, silver, precious stone.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>4</b> One God, one Lord, one Spirit -</div>
<div class='line'>Her elements all one -</div>
<div class='line'>One faith, one hope, one baptism,</div>
<div class='line'>One Body in the Son;</div>
<div class='line'>The triune God is in her,</div>
<div class='line'>One Body members own,</div>
<div class='line'>By faith they are united,</div>
<div class='line'>In hope of glory shown.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>5</b> From every tribe and nation</div>
<div class='line'>Do all the members come,</div>
<div class='line'>Regardless of their classes</div>
<div class='line'>United to be one.</div>
<div class='line'>No high there is, nor lowly,</div>
<div class='line'>No Jew, nor Gentile clan,</div>
<div class='line'>No free, nor slave, nor master,</div>
<div class='line'>But Christ, the "one new man."</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>6</b> One Body universal,</div>
<div class='line'>One in each place expressed;</div>
<div class='line'>Locality of dwelling</div>
<div class='line'>Her only ground possessed;</div>
<div class='line'>Administration local,</div>
<div class='line'>Each answ'ring to the Lord;</div>
<div class='line'>Communion universal,</div>
<div class='line'>Upheld in one accord.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>7</b> Her local gatherings model</div>
<div class='line'>The New Jerusalem;</div>
<div class='line'>Its aspects and its details</div>
<div class='line'>Must show in all of them.</div>
<div class='line'>Christ is the Lamp that shineth,</div>
<div class='line'>With God within, the Light;</div>
<div class='line'>They are the lampstands bearing</div>
<div class='line'>His glorious Image bright.</div>
</div>
<div style='height:40px'></div>
</body></html>
