<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=UTF-8"/>
<title>Hymn 0828</title>
<link href='../stylesheet.css' rel='stylesheet' type='text/css'/>
</head>
<body>
<div style='text-align:center'>
<a href='0827.xhtml' class='hidden_a'><b> &lt; </b></a>
<a href='../nav/nav_0000.xhtml' class='hidden_a'>
E<b>828</b> C<b>-</b> K<b>-</b> S<b>-</b>
</a>
 <a href='0829.xhtml' class='hidden_a'><b> &gt; </b></a>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>1</b> The "churches" here below, so narrow bound,</div>
<div class='line'>Reach not the hungry throngs which us surround;</div>
<div class='line'>They run partway with truth, but miss the goal.</div>
<div class='line'>Earth-vision blurred and dim, their eyes doth hold -</div>
<div class='line'>But broken gleams have they of radiance gold;</div>
<div class='line'>Too dazzling is the splendor of the whole.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>2</b> Brothers with brothers have not all one heart,</div>
<div class='line'>In wrath they turn away and walk apart,</div>
<div class='line'>Who from one stream of life had common birth.</div>
<div class='line'>What fight for forms! O'er doctrines what vain strife!</div>
<div class='line'>Instead together sharing God's one life,</div>
<div class='line'>Who worshipped is by heaven and by earth.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>3</b> "Where is the truth?" I asked; for this I longed:</div>
<div class='line'>None answered right 'mid all the answering throng;</div>
<div class='line'>For ever side by side lay light and shade.</div>
<div class='line'>"Where is," I cried, "the one communion pure?</div>
<div class='line'>Where is the Church in which, clear-traced and sure,</div>
<div class='line'>The Spirit's very likeness is portrayed?"</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>4</b> So sought I long, and hopeless was my quest;</div>
<div class='line'>These eyes grew dim and blind and found no rest,</div>
<div class='line'>Till God's touch opened them, and I was freed.</div>
<div class='line'>I found the Spirit's Church in souls made one</div>
<div class='line'>In this, that they in troth to Christ had come -</div>
<div class='line'>His Bride, to follow where the cross may lead.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>5</b> Thus when I see this small world's narrow thought,</div>
<div class='line'>Behold the brother not with brother brought,</div>
<div class='line'>Yet serving Christ - as each one deemeth right -</div>
<div class='line'>Ah, then a voice from realms of glory calls,</div>
<div class='line'>Where the last veil is rent and earthward falls,</div>
<div class='line'>And where God's love, eternal, burneth bright.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>6</b> No more we put that query without end,</div>
<div class='line'>To which self-chosen church our feet did trend -</div>
<div class='line'>What doctrine we believed, what sacred rites.</div>
<div class='line'>In Christ we were in bonds that nought could break;</div>
<div class='line'>Who, by His cross and death, do all forsake,</div>
<div class='line'>Such as were far asunder He unites.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>7</b> No longer does one heed mere formal phrase,</div>
<div class='line'>Or seek for others' creeds through winding maze,</div>
<div class='line'>For in Himself was truth made manifest.</div>
<div class='line'>And out of every tongue and every land</div>
<div class='line'>He formed one Church to meet His own demand -</div>
<div class='line'>His Body, where His fulness is expressed.</div>
</div>
<div style='height:40px'></div>
</body></html>
