<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=UTF-8"/>
<title>Hymn 0829</title>
<link href='../stylesheet.css' rel='stylesheet' type='text/css'/>
</head>
<body>
<div style='text-align:center'>
<a href='0828.xhtml' class='hidden_a'><b> &lt; </b></a>
<a href='../nav/nav_0000.xhtml' class='hidden_a'>
E<b>829</b> C<b>599</b> K<b>599</b> S<b>-</b>
</a>
 <a href='0830.xhtml' class='hidden_a'><b> &gt; </b></a>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>1</b> The Church's seed is nought by Christ Himself</div>
<div class='line'>Sown into human hearts as life, thereby</div>
<div class='line'>Growing as wheat, producing flour fine</div>
<div class='line'>For bread both God and man to satisfy.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>2</b> But Satan hath the false believers sown</div>
<div class='line'>Among the saints as tares among the wheat,</div>
<div class='line'>To bring confusion and to hinder growth</div>
<div class='line'>That they may not fulfill God's plan complete.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>3</b> The Church's life just as the herb must be,</div>
<div class='line'>Grown out of Christ, who is the mustard seed;</div>
<div class='line'>Hidden and transient, little on the earth,</div>
<div class='line'>But good for food the hungry ones to feed.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>4</b> But Satan came and made the little herb</div>
<div class='line'>To change its nature and to change its form,</div>
<div class='line'>That fully grown it did a tree become</div>
<div class='line'>Where many evil ones may lodge and swarm.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>5</b> Satan has also used the fallen "church"</div>
<div class='line'>Evil and heathen practice to include,</div>
<div class='line'>As leaven mingled with the meal of wheat,</div>
<div class='line'>Thus to corrupt its purity as food.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>6</b> But Christ as life would so transform the saints</div>
<div class='line'>That they may be as pearl and precious stone,</div>
<div class='line'>As the materials suitable to build</div>
<div class='line'>Into His Church to make His Kingdom known.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>7</b> Such an assembly grown in Christ as life,</div>
<div class='line'>Transformed and built with Christ in them annealed,</div>
<div class='line'>Is as the goodly pearl for preciousness</div>
<div class='line'>And as the treasure hidden in the field.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>8</b> Lord, separate us from the devil's "tares,"</div>
<div class='line'>Each on deliver from the monstrous "tree,"</div>
<div class='line'>From all the "leaven" may Thou purify,</div>
<div class='line'>That we may be as food to man and Thee.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>9</b> Cause us to grow in life divine each day</div>
<div class='line'>That we may be transformed and built by Thee</div>
<div class='line'>Into a body to express Thyself,</div>
<div class='line'>That Thou in us Thy Church and Kingdom see.</div>
</div>
<div style='height:40px'></div>
</body></html>
