<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=UTF-8"/>
<title>Hymn 0831</title>
<link href='../stylesheet.css' rel='stylesheet' type='text/css'/>
</head>
<body>
<div style='text-align:center'>
<a href='0830.xhtml' class='hidden_a'><b> &lt; </b></a>
<a href='../nav/nav_0000.xhtml' class='hidden_a'>
E<b>831</b> C<b>600</b> K<b>600</b> S<b>353</b>
</a>
 <a href='0832.xhtml' class='hidden_a'><b> &gt; </b></a>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>1</b> The unity of the Church is but</div>
<div class='line'>The saints in oneness living;</div>
<div class='line'>The Spirit which indwelleth them</div>
<div class='line'>This oneness ever giving.</div>
<div class='line'>Thus it is realized and called</div>
<div class='line'>The unity of Spirit;</div>
<div class='line'>'Tis based upon the common faith</div>
<div class='line'>Which all the saints inherit.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>2</b> This precious faith of all the saints,</div>
<div class='line'>Is constituted solely</div>
<div class='line'>Of Christ and His redemptive work,</div>
<div class='line'>Which are unique and holy.</div>
<div class='line'>In this the saints are truly one,</div>
<div class='line'>Together all agreeing,</div>
<div class='line'>And it is from this common faith</div>
<div class='line'>The Church came into being.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>3</b> The Church within the universe</div>
<div class='line'>Is one as Christ's possession;</div>
<div class='line'>The Church must therefore locally</div>
<div class='line'>Be one in her expression;</div>
<div class='line'>For all her elements are one -</div>
<div class='line'>One God, one Lord, one Spirit,</div>
<div class='line'>One faith, baptism, Body too,</div>
<div class='line'>One hope all saints inherit.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>4</b> This oneness is the Church's ground,</div>
<div class='line'>The ground of common standing,</div>
<div class='line'>The only ground of unity</div>
<div class='line'>The Spirit is demanding.</div>
<div class='line'>The Church in actual practise thus</div>
<div class='line'>May keep her vital union,</div>
<div class='line'>And her expressions locally</div>
<div class='line'>Be built up in communion.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>5</b> Lord, help us ever strive to keep</div>
<div class='line'>This unity by taking</div>
<div class='line'>The Church's ground of unity,</div>
<div class='line'>The Body-life partaking,</div>
<div class='line'>That all Thy heart's profound desire</div>
<div class='line'>May fully be effected,</div>
<div class='line'>And God's eternal purpose may</div>
<div class='line'>Completely be perfected.</div>
</div>
<div style='height:40px'></div>
</body></html>
