<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=UTF-8"/>
<title>Hymn 0834</title>
<link href='../stylesheet.css' rel='stylesheet' type='text/css'/>
</head>
<body>
<div style='text-align:center'>
<a href='0833.xhtml' class='hidden_a'><b> &lt; </b></a>
<a href='../nav/nav_0000.xhtml' class='hidden_a'>
E<b>834</b> C<b>602</b> K<b>602</b> S<b>-</b>
</a>
 <a href='0835.xhtml' class='hidden_a'><b> &gt; </b></a>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>1</b> The chief Cornerstone Thou art, Lord,</div>
<div class='line'>Jewish builders did despise;</div>
<div class='line'>God by resurrection placed Thee,</div>
<div class='line'>Thou art precious in His eyes.</div>
<div class='line'>Through Thee we receive salvation,</div>
<div class='line'>And, together built by Thee,</div>
<div class='line'>Jews and Gentiles are Thy dwelling,</div>
<div class='line'>One new man, in harmony.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>2</b> Thou too art the smitten Rock, Lord,</div>
<div class='line'>That man's thirst by Thee be filled,</div>
<div class='line'>That frail man may stand upon Thee,</div>
<div class='line'>But e'en more, God's house to build.</div>
<div class='line'>The Foundation Stone in Zion,</div>
<div class='line'>Tested and secure, Thou art;</div>
<div class='line'>And the Rock, the Church supporting,</div>
<div class='line'>Her foundation to impart.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>3</b> On Thyself the Church is builded,</div>
<div class='line'>And though many storms assail,</div>
<div class='line'>Still it stands erect, for 'gainst it</div>
<div class='line'>Gates of hell cannot prevail.</div>
<div class='line'>Thine authority possessing,</div>
<div class='line'>It doth bind and loose in Thee,</div>
<div class='line'>Bringing men into Thy kingdom,</div>
<div class='line'>Satan's captives setting free.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>4</b> Living Stone of life art Thou, Lord,</div>
<div class='line'>Precious, chosen thus to be;</div>
<div class='line'>Living stones Thou too hast made us,</div>
<div class='line'>One in character with Thee.</div>
<div class='line'>Built together as a temple</div>
<div class='line'>That our God may dwell therein,</div>
<div class='line'>Thus we are a holy priesthood,</div>
<div class='line'>Offering sacrifice to Him.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>5</b> Lord, Thou art the Son of David</div>
<div class='line'>That God's temple Thou may build;</div>
<div class='line'>King and Priest Thou art together,</div>
<div class='line'>That Thy calling be fulfilled.</div>
<div class='line'>As the King, for God Thou rulest,</div>
<div class='line'>Making men submit to Him;</div>
<div class='line'>As the Priest before God's presence,</div>
<div class='line'>Bringing men to enter in.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>6</b> Thine authority doth issue</div>
<div class='line'>From the throne to render peace;</div>
<div class='line'>Fellowship is in the river</div>
<div class='line'>To supply and give increase.</div>
<div class='line'>When these, balanced, go together,</div>
<div class='line'>Then God's purpose is fulfilled;</div>
<div class='line'>King and Priest in Thee combining,</div>
<div class='line'>Thou God's dwelling place dost build.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>7</b> Thou art God, yet flesh becamest,</div>
<div class='line'>God with man in Thee doth dwell;</div>
<div class='line'>Thou, the Temple for His glory,</div>
<div class='line'>God in Thee Himself doth tell.</div>
<div class='line'>Thus the Church too is the mingling</div>
<div class='line'>Into one of God and man;</div>
<div class='line'>So it is with every member</div>
<div class='line'>For the building of God's plan.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>8</b> Thou, the everlasting Dwelling,</div>
<div class='line'>In all ages art our home;</div>
<div class='line'>We in Thee enjoy protection,</div>
<div class='line'>Living in Thyself alone.</div>
<div class='line'>Thou our Sanctuary art, Lord,</div>
<div class='line'>We and God abide in Thee;</div>
<div class='line'>Thou, God's presence art within us,</div>
<div class='line'>Where we worship ceaselessly.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>9</b> Cornerstone, Foundation, Topstone,</div>
<div class='line'>Rock, and Church, and Living Stone,</div>
<div class='line'>Dwelling-place, and Sanctuary,</div>
<div class='line'>Builder too art Thou, we own.</div>
<div class='line'>Praise we give for what Thou art, Lord,</div>
<div class='line'>As Thy wondrousness we see!</div>
<div class='line'>Grant that we may be built up, Lord,</div>
<div class='line'>As the living stones in Thee.</div>
</div>
<div style='height:40px'></div>
</body></html>
