<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=UTF-8"/>
<title>Hymn 0837</title>
<link href='../stylesheet.css' rel='stylesheet' type='text/css'/>
</head>
<body>
<div style='text-align:center'>
<a href='0836.xhtml' class='hidden_a'><b> &lt; </b></a>
<a href='../nav/nav_0000.xhtml' class='hidden_a'>
E<b>837</b> C<b>603</b> K<b>603</b> S<b>356</b>
</a>
 <a href='0838.xhtml' class='hidden_a'><b> &gt; </b></a>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>1</b> We praise Thee, Lord, for Thy great plan</div>
<div class='line'>That we Thy dwelling-place may be;</div>
<div class='line'>Thou live in us, we filled with Thee,</div>
<div class='line'>Thou in the Son expressed might be.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>2</b> Though in Thine image made by Thee</div>
<div class='line'>And given Thine authority,</div>
<div class='line'>Yet we are only made of clay</div>
<div class='line'>Without a trace of divinity.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>3</b> When we receive Thee as our life,</div>
<div class='line'>Thy nature we thru grace possess;</div>
<div class='line'>Mingled together, we with Thee</div>
<div class='line'>One Body glorious will express.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>4</b> When flows Thy life thru all our souls,</div>
<div class='line'>Filling, renewing every part,</div>
<div class='line'>We will be pearls and precious stones,</div>
<div class='line'>Changed to Thine image, as Thou art.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>5</b> But, Lord, we fully realize</div>
<div class='line'>These are not wrought men's praise to rouse,</div>
<div class='line'>But as material to be built</div>
<div class='line'>Together for Thy glorious house.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>6</b> Here, Lord, we give ourselves to Thee;</div>
<div class='line'>Receive us into Thy wise hands;</div>
<div class='line'>Bend, break, and build together in Thee</div>
<div class='line'>To be the house to meet Thy demands.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>7</b> Break all the natural life for us,</div>
<div class='line'>Deal Thou with each peculiar way,</div>
<div class='line'>That we no more independent be</div>
<div class='line'>But with all saints are one for aye.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>8</b> Then we shall be Thy Bride beloved,</div>
<div class='line'>Together in Thy chamber abide,</div>
<div class='line'>Enjoy the fulness of Thy love.</div>
<div class='line'>How Thou wilt then be satisfied!</div>
</div>
<div style='height:40px'></div>
</body></html>
