<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=UTF-8"/>
<title>Hymn 0838</title>
<link href='../stylesheet.css' rel='stylesheet' type='text/css'/>
</head>
<body>
<div style='text-align:center'>
<a href='0837.xhtml' class='hidden_a'><b> &lt; </b></a>
<a href='../nav/nav_0000.xhtml' class='hidden_a'>
E<b>838</b> C<b>609</b> K<b>609</b> S<b>-</b>
</a>
 <a href='0839.xhtml' class='hidden_a'><b> &gt; </b></a>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>1</b> Thy blueprint, Lord, I treasure dear,</div>
<div class='line'>It shows Thy tabernacle real,</div>
<div class='line'>It tells how Thou wouldst have it built,</div>
<div class='line'>How Thou Thy glory wouldst reveal.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>2</b> The ark's the center of the tent,</div>
<div class='line'>The tent is but its resting-place:</div>
<div class='line'>In it the ten commandments are,</div>
<div class='line'>And in the tent it ever stays.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>3</b> The ark the God-man, Christ, displays -</div>
<div class='line'>God mixed with man, as gold, wood meet;</div>
<div class='line'>The law is God's expression full,</div>
<div class='line'>Which dwells in Christ the Son complete.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>4</b> Thus Christ's the center of the Church,</div>
<div class='line'>Which is to Him a resting-place;</div>
<div class='line'>In Christ the Father ever dwells,</div>
<div class='line'>And in the Church, Christ's dwelling-place.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>5</b> The tent's the increase of the ark,</div>
<div class='line'>Both are of wood with gold o'erlaid;</div>
<div class='line'>The Church the increase is of Christ,</div>
<div class='line'>God blent with man here too displayed.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>6</b> The boards when joined support the tent</div>
<div class='line'>On silver sockets standing sure;</div>
<div class='line'>Gold overlaid, with golden rings</div>
<div class='line'>And interlocking bars, secure.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>7</b> The Church is thus the gathered saints,</div>
<div class='line'>On Christ's redemption standing sure;</div>
<div class='line'>In life divine, by Spirit bound,</div>
<div class='line'>Together built and framed secure.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>8</b> The tent's four-layered cover shows</div>
<div class='line'>The Christ of God in every phase;</div>
<div class='line'>God's glory thus is signified,</div>
<div class='line'>Covering His holy dwelling-place.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>9</b> Covered by such a glorious Christ,</div>
<div class='line'>All saints together knit may be;</div>
<div class='line'>Enjoying all He is for them,</div>
<div class='line'>In Him they're builded gloriously.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>10</b> The law is placed within the ark,</div>
<div class='line'>The ark within the tent doth rest;</div>
<div class='line'>So God in Christ within the Church</div>
<div class='line'>His wondrous glory manifests.</div>
</div>
<div style='height:40px'></div>
</body></html>
