<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=UTF-8"/>
<title>Hymn 0839</title>
<link href='../stylesheet.css' rel='stylesheet' type='text/css'/>
</head>
<body>
<div style='text-align:center'>
<a href='0838.xhtml' class='hidden_a'><b> &lt; </b></a>
<a href='../nav/nav_0000.xhtml' class='hidden_a'>
E<b>839</b> C<b>604</b> K<b>604</b> S<b>357</b>
</a>
 <a href='0840.xhtml' class='hidden_a'><b> &gt; </b></a>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>1</b> Lord, Thou art a potter skilled</div>
<div class='line'>And a glorious builder too,</div>
<div class='line'>Molding for Thy vessel great,</div>
<div class='line'>Building with Thy house in view.</div>
<div class='line'>I am both a man of clay</div>
<div class='line'>And a new-made living stone,</div>
<div class='line'>That Thy vessel I may be</div>
<div class='line'>And the temple Thou wouldst own.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>2</b> Though of clay Thou madest us.</div>
<div class='line'>Thou wouldst have us be transformed;</div>
<div class='line'>With Thy life as purest gold,</div>
<div class='line'>Unto precious stones conformed.</div>
<div class='line'>We shall, through Thy building work,</div>
<div class='line'>Then become Thy loving Bride,</div>
<div class='line'>In one Body joined to Thee,</div>
<div class='line'>That Thy heart be satisfied.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>3</b> What Thy heart desires and loves</div>
<div class='line'>Are not precious stones alone,</div>
<div class='line'>But together these to build</div>
<div class='line'>For Thy glory, for Thy home.</div>
<div class='line'>Thou, the all-inclusive Christ,</div>
<div class='line'>Dost a builded Church require,</div>
<div class='line'>That Thy glorious riches may</div>
<div class='line'>Radiate their light entire.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>4</b> Not the person spiritual</div>
<div class='line'>In an individual way,</div>
<div class='line'>But the corporate life expressed</div>
<div class='line'>Will Thy heart's desire display.</div>
<div class='line'>Members separate and detached</div>
<div class='line'>Ne'er express Thee perfectly,</div>
<div class='line'>But Thy Body tempered, built,</div>
<div class='line'>Ever shall Thy fulness be.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>5</b> Build me, Lord, with other saints,</div>
<div class='line'>Independence ne'er allow,</div>
<div class='line'>But according to Thy plan</div>
<div class='line'>Fitly frame and join me now.</div>
<div class='line'>In experience not my boast,</div>
<div class='line'>Nor in gifts would be my pride;</div>
<div class='line'>For Thy building I give all,</div>
<div class='line'>That Thou may be glorified.</div>
</div>
<div style='height:40px'></div>
</body></html>
