<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=UTF-8"/>
<title>Hymn 0848</title>
<link href='../stylesheet.css' rel='stylesheet' type='text/css'/>
</head>
<body>
<div style='text-align:center'>
<a href='0847.xhtml' class='hidden_a'><b> &lt; </b></a>
<a href='../nav/nav_0000.xhtml' class='hidden_a'>
E<b>848</b> C<b>612</b> K<b>612</b> S<b>363</b>
</a>
 <a href='0849.xhtml' class='hidden_a'><b> &gt; </b></a>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>1</b> What a blessing, what a priv'lege!</div>
<div class='line'>Called of God a royal priest,</div>
<div class='line'>That this glorious, holy office</div>
<div class='line'>I should bear, though last and least.</div>
</div>
<div class='chorus'>
<div class='line'>All the building of the Body</div>
<div class='line'>On the priesthood doth depend;</div>
<div class='line'>Ever praying in the spirit</div>
<div class='line'>I this office would attend.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>2</b> If I keep this royal calling</div>
<div class='line'>Under Thine authority,</div>
<div class='line'>Priestly duty thus fulfilling,</div>
<div class='line'>Then the church will builded be.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>3</b> Now the church is but the priesthood;</div>
<div class='line'>Thus the priesthood formed we need;</div>
<div class='line'>When the priests are knit together,</div>
<div class='line'>Then the church is built indeed.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>4</b> Through the church's degradation,</div>
<div class='line'>Saints this office desolate;</div>
<div class='line'>Through the weakness of their spirits</div>
<div class='line'>Preaching doth predominate.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>5</b> Most are leaning on the message</div>
<div class='line'>And the preaching emphasize,</div>
<div class='line'>Yet neglect the priestly praying</div>
<div class='line'>And their spirits' exercise.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>6</b> Deal with me and make me balanced,</div>
<div class='line'>As in preaching, so in prayer;</div>
<div class='line'>Leading others oft in praying,</div>
<div class='line'>As Thy Word I too declare.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>7</b> Only serving by our praying</div>
<div class='line'>Will our spirits mingled be;</div>
<div class='line'>Stressing prayer as much as preaching -</div>
<div class='line'>Thus the church is built for Thee.</div>
</div>
<div style='height:40px'></div>
</body></html>
