<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=UTF-8"/>
<title>Hymn 0849</title>
<link href='../stylesheet.css' rel='stylesheet' type='text/css'/>
</head>
<body>
<div style='text-align:center'>
<a href='0848.xhtml' class='hidden_a'><b> &lt; </b></a>
<a href='../nav/nav_0000.xhtml' class='hidden_a'>
E<b>849</b> C<b>613</b> K<b>613</b> S<b>-</b>
</a>
 <a href='0850.xhtml' class='hidden_a'><b> &gt; </b></a>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>1</b> Holy priests are living stones</div>
<div class='line'>For God's building work today;</div>
<div class='line'>If these stones would builded be</div>
<div class='line'>All the priests must learn to pray.</div>
</div>
<div class='chorus'>
<div class='line'>To the holiest often come,</div>
<div class='line'>In the spirit touch the throne,</div>
<div class='line'>Let the Lord flow thru in prayer,</div>
<div class='line'>Thus the building work is done.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>2</b> All the saints must serve as priests,</div>
<div class='line'>That the living stones they be;</div>
<div class='line'>Each must priestly work perform,</div>
<div class='line'>Then their functions we will see.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>3</b> Tent and priests of olden times</div>
<div class='line'>Always did together go;</div>
<div class='line'>When the priests served in the tent,</div>
<div class='line'>Into one the two did flow.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>4</b> Now the building spiritual</div>
<div class='line'>And the priesthood all are one;</div>
<div class='line'>Now the building of the house</div>
<div class='line'>By the priestly work is done.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>5</b> In the priests the substance is</div>
<div class='line'>Of the building work replete;</div>
<div class='line'>When the priests their work discharge,</div>
<div class='line'>Then God's house will be complete.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>6</b> Building God and man in one</div>
<div class='line'>Is their work before the Lord;</div>
<div class='line'>In this fellowship divine</div>
<div class='line'>Saints are built in one accord.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>7</b> When in prayer our spirits blend,</div>
<div class='line'>Then together built are we,</div>
<div class='line'>Then a priesthood we become,</div>
<div class='line'>Off'ring sacrifice to Thee.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>8</b> Grant us grace, O Lord, that we</div>
<div class='line'>Treasure dear the priestly call;</div>
<div class='line'>In the spirit serve and pray,</div>
<div class='line'>That Thy church be built withal.</div>
</div>
<div style='height:40px'></div>
</body></html>
