<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=UTF-8"/>
<title>Hymn 0851</title>
<link href='../stylesheet.css' rel='stylesheet' type='text/css'/>
</head>
<body>
<div style='text-align:center'>
<a href='0850.xhtml' class='hidden_a'><b> &lt; </b></a>
<a href='../nav/nav_0000.xhtml' class='hidden_a'>
E<b>851</b> C<b>615</b> K<b>615</b> S<b>364</b>
</a>
 <a href='0852.xhtml' class='hidden_a'><b> &gt; </b></a>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>1</b> How lovely is Thy dwelling-place!</div>
<div class='line'>Within Thy courts I long to be;</div>
<div class='line'>Thy presence, Lord, my spirit craves,</div>
<div class='line'>For this my heart cries out to Thee.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>2</b> At Thy burnt-offering altar, Lord,</div>
<div class='line'>And at Thine incense altar blest,</div>
<div class='line'>Even the sparrow finds a home,</div>
<div class='line'>And swallow there prepares her nest.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>3</b> Men, as the sparrow, frail and small,</div>
<div class='line'>When living in Thy house find rest,</div>
<div class='line'>Relying on the altar's blood,</div>
<div class='line'>Enjoying there the incense blest.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>4</b> How blessed are those men indeed!</div>
<div class='line'>Trusting in Thee they are made strong;</div>
<div class='line'>Highways to Zion in their hearts,</div>
<div class='line'>The way they care not, rough or long.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>5</b> Passing the weeping valley they</div>
<div class='line'>Make it a place of springing wells;</div>
<div class='line'>The rain with blessings covers it</div>
<div class='line'>And in the way God's mercy tells.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>6</b> From strength to strength they go, and all</div>
<div class='line'>Before the Lord in Zion meet;</div>
<div class='line'>Thus ever seeking Thine own self,</div>
<div class='line'>They need Thy care and grace replete.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>7</b> Better a day within Thy courts</div>
<div class='line'>Than days a thousand I would tell;</div>
<div class='line'>I'd rather at Thy threshold stand</div>
<div class='line'>Than in the wicked's tents to dwell.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>8</b> Thou art a sun, Thou art a shield,</div>
<div class='line'>Thou grace and glory wilt supply;</div>
<div class='line'>Thy presence and Thy very self</div>
<div class='line'>My need in fulness satisfy.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>9</b> Not one good thing wilt Thou withhold</div>
<div class='line'>From those who walk in uprightness;</div>
<div class='line'>Bless'd is the man that trusts in Thee</div>
<div class='line'>With grace and glory measureless.</div>
</div>
<div style='height:40px'></div>
</body></html>
