<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=UTF-8"/>
<title>Hymn 0864</title>
<link href='../stylesheet.css' rel='stylesheet' type='text/css'/>
</head>
<body>
<div style='text-align:center'>
<a href='0863.xhtml' class='hidden_a'><b> &lt; </b></a>
<a href='../nav/nav_0000.xhtml' class='hidden_a'>
E<b>864</b> C<b>624</b> K<b>624</b> S<b>391</b>
</a>
 <a href='0865.xhtml' class='hidden_a'><b> &gt; </b></a>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>1</b> Whene'er we meet with Christ endued,</div>
<div class='line'>The surplus of His plenitude</div>
<div class='line'>We offer unto God as food,</div>
<div class='line'>And thus exhibit Christ.</div>
</div>
<div class='chorus'>
<div class='line'>Let us exhibit Christ,</div>
<div class='line'>Let us exhibit Christ;</div>
<div class='line'>We'll bring His surplus to the church</div>
<div class='line'>And thus exhibit Christ.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>2</b> In Christ we live, by Christ we fight,</div>
<div class='line'>On Christ we labor day and night,</div>
<div class='line'>And with His surplus we unite</div>
<div class='line'>To thus exhibit Christ.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>3</b> Our life and all we are and do</div>
<div class='line'>Is Christ Himself, the substance true,</div>
<div class='line'>That every time we meet anew</div>
<div class='line'>We may exhibit Christ.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>4</b> In meetings Christ to God we bear</div>
<div class='line'>And Christ with one another share,</div>
<div class='line'>And Christ with God enjoying there,</div>
<div class='line'>We thus exhibit Christ.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>5</b> The risen Christ to God we bring,</div>
<div class='line'>And Christ ascended offering,</div>
<div class='line'>God's satisfaction answering,</div>
<div class='line'>We thus exhibit Christ.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>6</b> The center and reality,</div>
<div class='line'>The atmosphere and ministry,</div>
<div class='line'>Of all our meetings is that we</div>
<div class='line'>May thus exhibit Christ.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>7</b> The testimony and the prayer,</div>
<div class='line'>And all the fellowship we share,</div>
<div class='line'>The exercise of gifts, whate'er,</div>
<div class='line'>Should just exhibit Christ.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>8</b> The Father we would glorify,</div>
<div class='line'>Exalting Christ the Son, thereby</div>
<div class='line'>The meeting's purpose satisfy</div>
<div class='line'>That we exhibit Christ.</div>
</div>
<div style='height:40px'></div>
</body></html>
