<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=UTF-8"/>
<title>Hymn 0873</title>
<link href='../stylesheet.css' rel='stylesheet' type='text/css'/>
</head>
<body>
<div style='text-align:center'>
<a href='0872.xhtml' class='hidden_a'><b> &lt; </b></a>
<a href='../nav/nav_0000.xhtml' class='hidden_a'>
E<b>873</b> C<b>634</b> K<b>634</b> S<b>-</b>
</a>
 <a href='0874.xhtml' class='hidden_a'><b> &gt; </b></a>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>1</b> Charge, soldiers, charge in battle!</div>
<div class='line'>The conflict has begun;</div>
<div class='line'>Thy battle song triumphant -</div>
<div class='line'>"The victory is won!"</div>
<div class='line'>Hell's power must be vanquished</div>
<div class='line'>And Satan's forces strewn;</div>
<div class='line'>The Captain of the Army</div>
<div class='line'>Will come and triumph soon.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>2</b> Charge, soldiers, charge in battle!</div>
<div class='line'>And gaze upon thy Lord;</div>
<div class='line'>If thou wilt fight His battle,</div>
<div class='line'>The throne is thy reward.</div>
<div class='line'>This war is of the spirit,</div>
<div class='line'>Not fought on earthly ground;</div>
<div class='line'>The Lord well knows the foe is near,</div>
<div class='line'>Encircling us around.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>3</b> Charge, soldiers, charge in battle!</div>
<div class='line'>Christ's throne awaiteth thee;</div>
<div class='line'>His resurrection power</div>
<div class='line'>Will lift thy spirit free.</div>
<div class='line'>Through Him thou wilt have power,</div>
<div class='line'>The foe to battle down;</div>
<div class='line'>Through Him thou wilt the triumph sing,</div>
<div class='line'>And wear the victor's crown.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>4</b> Charge, soldiers, charge in battle!</div>
<div class='line'>Thou shalt ascend the throne;</div>
<div class='line'>A feast He is preparing,</div>
<div class='line'>How happy thou to own.</div>
<div class='line'>With Him we're resurrected</div>
<div class='line'>Above the battle din;</div>
<div class='line'>Transcending all that binds us,</div>
<div class='line'>We're far above in Him.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>5</b> Charge, soldiers, charge in battle!</div>
<div class='line'>Thou art the royal heir;</div>
<div class='line'>The Lord from dust did choose thee,</div>
<div class='line'>That thou His kingdom share.</div>
<div class='line'>Thou hast no part in darkness,</div>
<div class='line'>Thy future, O how bright;</div>
<div class='line'>With Christ to dwell forever</div>
<div class='line'>And in His love delight.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>6</b> With joyful shouts charge forward!</div>
<div class='line'>The kingdom is before;</div>
<div class='line'>Upon the peak of Zion</div>
<div class='line'>We'll sing, the battle o'er.</div>
<div class='line'>The Lamb has won the victory!</div>
<div class='line'>The Lamb is on the throne!</div>
<div class='line'>With shouts of joy we praise Him,</div>
<div class='line'>For He must overcome.</div>
</div>
<div style='height:40px'></div>
</body></html>
