<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=UTF-8"/>
<title>Hymn 0882</title>
<link href='../stylesheet.css' rel='stylesheet' type='text/css'/>
</head>
<body>
<div style='text-align:center'>
<a href='0881.xhtml' class='hidden_a'><b> &lt; </b></a>
<a href='../nav/nav_0000.xhtml' class='hidden_a'>
E<b>882</b> C<b>-</b> K<b>-</b> S<b>397</b>
</a>
 <a href='0883.xhtml' class='hidden_a'><b> &gt; </b></a>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>1</b> Encamped along the hills of light,</div>
<div class='line'>Ye Christian soldiers rise,</div>
<div class='line'>And press the battle ere the night</div>
<div class='line'>Shall veil the glowing skies;</div>
<div class='line'>Against the foe in vales below</div>
<div class='line'>Let all our strength be hurled;</div>
<div class='line'>Faith is the victory, we know,</div>
<div class='line'>That overcomes the world.</div>
</div>
<div class='chorus'>
<div class='line'>Faith is the victory!</div>
<div class='line'>Faith is the victory!</div>
<div class='line'>O glorious victory,</div>
<div class='line'>That overcomes the world.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>2</b> His banner over us is love,</div>
<div class='line'>Our sword the Word of God;</div>
<div class='line'>We tread the road the saints before</div>
<div class='line'>With shouts of triumph trod.</div>
<div class='line'>By faith, they like a whirlwind's breath,</div>
<div class='line'>Swept on o'er every field;</div>
<div class='line'>The faith by which they conquered death</div>
<div class='line'>Is still our shining shield.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>3</b> On every hand the foe we find</div>
<div class='line'>Drawn up in dread array;</div>
<div class='line'>Let tents of ease be left behind,</div>
<div class='line'>And onward to the fray.</div>
<div class='line'>Salvation's helmet on each head,</div>
<div class='line'>With truth all girt about,</div>
<div class='line'>The earth shall tremble 'neath our tread,</div>
<div class='line'>And echo with our shout.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>4</b> To him that overcomes the foe,</div>
<div class='line'>White raiment shall be giv'n;</div>
<div class='line'>Before the angels he shall know</div>
<div class='line'>His name confessed in heav'n;</div>
<div class='line'>Then onward from the hills of light,</div>
<div class='line'>Our hearts with love aflame,</div>
<div class='line'>We'll vanquish all the hosts of night,</div>
<div class='line'>In Jesus' conqu'ring name.</div>
</div>
<div style='height:40px'></div>
</body></html>
