<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=UTF-8"/>
<title>Hymn 0887</title>
<link href='../stylesheet.css' rel='stylesheet' type='text/css'/>
</head>
<body>
<div style='text-align:center'>
<a href='0886.xhtml' class='hidden_a'><b> &lt; </b></a>
<a href='../nav/nav_0000.xhtml' class='hidden_a'>
E<b>887</b> C<b>642</b> K<b>642</b> S<b>-</b>
</a>
 <a href='0888.xhtml' class='hidden_a'><b> &gt; </b></a>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>1</b> The name of Jesus is our stand,</div>
<div class='line'>It is our victory;</div>
<div class='line'>Not on ourselves do we rely,</div>
<div class='line'>But, mighty Lord, on Thee.</div>
<div class='line'>Our weapons are not arms of flesh,</div>
<div class='line'>But ours the Spirit's sword,</div>
<div class='line'>And God's whole armor putting on,</div>
<div class='line'>We battle in the Lord.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>2</b> Behold, the foe doth meet and plot,</div>
<div class='line'>Stand firm in one accord!</div>
<div class='line'>Though war be fierce and darkness thick,</div>
<div class='line'>Resist him in the Lord!</div>
<div class='line'>If one thru fear should backward turn,</div>
<div class='line'>He undermines the rest.</div>
<div class='line'>Oh, do not let your brothers down,</div>
<div class='line'>Nor by you be distressed.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>3</b> The devil knows his time is short,</div>
<div class='line'>He is the more enraged,</div>
<div class='line'>And by his wiles would weaken us</div>
<div class='line'>Before the battle's waged.</div>
<div class='line'>The trials now more numerous are,</div>
<div class='line'>The suff'ring e'en more sore,</div>
<div class='line'>The force of hell opposing us</div>
<div class='line'>More dreadful than before.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>4</b> What should our posture be today</div>
<div class='line'>In such a desperate hour?</div>
<div class='line'>Should we our ease and pleasure seek</div>
<div class='line'>And let the foe devour?</div>
<div class='line'>Or with increasing conflict strong,</div>
<div class='line'>Courageous to endure?</div>
<div class='line'>'Tis here that life or death is won!</div>
<div class='line'>Who will God's praise secure?</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>5</b> For Christ the Lord we then would stand,</div>
<div class='line'>He is the Conqueror!</div>
<div class='line'>For Him we would endure the pain</div>
<div class='line'>Until the fight is o'er.</div>
<div class='line'>The hour of triumph soon we'll see -</div>
<div class='line'>The Lord will come again;</div>
<div class='line'>If now we suffer for His sake,</div>
<div class='line'>Then we with Him shall reign.</div>
</div>
<div style='height:40px'></div>
</body></html>
