<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=UTF-8"/>
<title>Hymn 0893</title>
<link href='../stylesheet.css' rel='stylesheet' type='text/css'/>
</head>
<body>
<div style='text-align:center'>
<a href='0892.xhtml' class='hidden_a'><b> &lt; </b></a>
<a href='../nav/nav_0000.xhtml' class='hidden_a'>
E<b>893</b> C<b>641</b> K<b>641</b> S<b>402</b>
</a>
 <a href='0894.xhtml' class='hidden_a'><b> &gt; </b></a>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>1</b> Conflict today is fierce,</div>
<div class='line'>The strength of Satan more;</div>
<div class='line'>The cry of battle calling now</div>
<div class='line'>Is louder than before.</div>
<div class='line'>The rebel voice of hell</div>
<div class='line'>E'en stronger now becomes;</div>
<div class='line'>But list, the midnight cry resounds,</div>
<div class='line'>Behold, I quickly come!</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>2</b> Trials more bitter grow,</div>
<div class='line'>The fighting doth enlarge;</div>
<div class='line'>Hell's forces rally all their pow'rs</div>
<div class='line'>And gather for the charge.</div>
<div class='line'>Yet while we wait and watch</div>
<div class='line'>And feel the war severe,</div>
<div class='line'>We hear the joyful song ring out,</div>
<div class='line'>Jesus, the Lord, is near!</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>3</b> 'Tis harder at the end</div>
<div class='line'>The word to testify,</div>
<div class='line'>For Satan fights with all his pow'r</div>
<div class='line'>Our witness to defy.</div>
<div class='line'>Much greater strength we need</div>
<div class='line'>The foe to overcome;</div>
<div class='line'>How happy when the Lord we see</div>
<div class='line'>And all our sighing's done!</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>4</b> Who then will forward go</div>
<div class='line'>Strong in His mighty power?</div>
<div class='line'>Who then will firmly trust the Lord</div>
<div class='line'>Until the vict'ry hour;</div>
<div class='line'>Till with the conqu'rors blest,</div>
<div class='line'>The triumph song's begun?</div>
<div class='line'>That man will then rejoice to hear,</div>
<div class='line'>Behold, I quickly come!</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>5</b> Who then will choose God's best,</div>
<div class='line'>And take the narrow track,</div>
<div class='line'>Though passing thru the wildest storms,</div>
<div class='line'>Yet never turning back?</div>
<div class='line'>Who now will dare press on,</div>
<div class='line'>Enduring pain and fear?</div>
<div class='line'>All such will then rejoice to see</div>
<div class='line'>Jesus, the Lord, is near!</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>6</b> Though deep the darkness be</div>
<div class='line'>We still would onward go,</div>
<div class='line'>Till we the day of rapture greet</div>
<div class='line'>And glory 'round shall glow.</div>
<div class='line'>'Tis there we'll see the Lord,</div>
<div class='line'>And Satan overcome;</div>
<div class='line'>The overcomers will rejoice,</div>
<div class='line'>Jesus, the Lord, has come!</div>
</div>
<div style='height:40px'></div>
</body></html>
