<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=UTF-8"/>
<title>Hymn 0904</title>
<link href='../stylesheet.css' rel='stylesheet' type='text/css'/>
</head>
<body>
<div style='text-align:center'>
<a href='0903.xhtml' class='hidden_a'><b> &lt; </b></a>
<a href='../nav/nav_0000.xhtml' class='hidden_a'>
E<b>904</b> C<b>-</b> K<b>-</b> S<b>405</b>
</a>
 <a href='0905.xhtml' class='hidden_a'><b> &gt; </b></a>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>1</b> We have a most glorious King;</div>
<div class='line'>The heavens, He says, are His throne;</div>
<div class='line'>All worlds are His mighty domain,</div>
<div class='line'>All kingdoms His scepter shall own.</div>
<div class='line'>He dwells with His people below,</div>
<div class='line'>He loves in their trials to share;</div>
<div class='line'>We dwell with the King for His work,</div>
<div class='line'>His burden we willingly bear.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>2</b> I'm dwelling with Jesus my King;</div>
<div class='line'>I've found where He dwells with His own;</div>
<div class='line'>I've opened the door of my heart;</div>
<div class='line'>He's made it His temple and throne.</div>
<div class='line'>Like Mary I sit at His feet,</div>
<div class='line'>Like John I recline on His breast;</div>
<div class='line'>His presence is fulness of joy,</div>
<div class='line'>His bosom is infinite rest.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>3</b> I dwell with the King for His work,</div>
<div class='line'>I've part in His glorious plan</div>
<div class='line'>To bring in His kingdom to earth</div>
<div class='line'>And tell His salvation to man.</div>
<div class='line'>The world has its work and rewards,</div>
<div class='line'>I count them but folly and loss;</div>
<div class='line'>My business is only His work,</div>
<div class='line'>My message is only His cross.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>4</b> I dwell with the King for His work,</div>
<div class='line'>The work, it is His and not mine;</div>
<div class='line'>He plans and prepares it for me</div>
<div class='line'>And fills me with power divine.</div>
<div class='line'>So duty is changed to delight,</div>
<div class='line'>And prayer into praise as I sing;</div>
<div class='line'>I dwell with my King for His work</div>
<div class='line'>And work in the strength of my King.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>5</b> We'll dwell with the King for His work</div>
<div class='line'>And work thru each day of the year.</div>
<div class='line'>Perhaps ere it passes, the King</div>
<div class='line'>In glory Himself shall appear.</div>
<div class='line'>Oh, then in some closer embrace,</div>
<div class='line'>Oh, then in some nobler employ</div>
<div class='line'>We'll dwell with the King for His work</div>
<div class='line'>In endless, ineffable joy!</div>
</div>
<div style='height:40px'></div>
</body></html>
