<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=UTF-8"/>
<title>Hymn 0914</title>
<link href='../stylesheet.css' rel='stylesheet' type='text/css'/>
</head>
<body>
<div style='text-align:center'>
<a href='0913.xhtml' class='hidden_a'><b> &lt; </b></a>
<a href='../nav/nav_0000.xhtml' class='hidden_a'>
E<b>914</b> C<b>658</b> K<b>658</b> S<b>412</b>
</a>
 <a href='0915.xhtml' class='hidden_a'><b> &gt; </b></a>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>1</b> For the Church should be our service,</div>
<div class='line'>'Tis the perfect will of God;</div>
<div class='line'>'Tis the only way of working</div>
<div class='line'>Which the Lord's apostles trod.</div>
</div>
<div class='chorus'>
<div class='line'>For the Church should be our service,</div>
<div class='line'>Not our aims to satisfy;</div>
<div class='line'>This the perfect will of God is,</div>
<div class='line'>And with it we must comply.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>2</b> For 'tis God's eternal purpose</div>
<div class='line'>That the Church His vessel be;</div>
<div class='line'>He intends that all our service</div>
<div class='line'>Build His Church continually.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>3</b> All the gifted persons given</div>
<div class='line'>To the Body by the Head</div>
<div class='line'>Are to aid the Church's building,</div>
<div class='line'>That to fulness she be led.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>4</b> All the gifts and all the functions,</div>
<div class='line'>All the spirit's power shown,</div>
<div class='line'>All the ministries are given</div>
<div class='line'>For the Church and that alone.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>5</b> All the preaching of the Gospel,</div>
<div class='line'>All the teaching ministry,</div>
<div class='line'>Every other kind of service</div>
<div class='line'>For the Church alone should be.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>6</b> Ministry is for the Churches,</div>
<div class='line'>Not the Church for ministry;</div>
<div class='line'>All the lampstands are the Churches,</div>
<div class='line'>Not a form of ministry.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>7</b> This will keep the Church's oneness,</div>
<div class='line'>Saving us from every sect;</div>
<div class='line'>This will ever test our motives,</div>
<div class='line'>And our aim will thus correct.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>8</b> Lord, deliver us from our work,</div>
<div class='line'>From the work of any sect;</div>
<div class='line'>For Thy Church alone we'd labor</div>
<div class='line'>And its building up effect.</div>
</div>
<div style='height:40px'></div>
</body></html>
