<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=UTF-8"/>
<title>Hymn 0934</title>
<link href='../stylesheet.css' rel='stylesheet' type='text/css'/>
</head>
<body>
<div style='text-align:center'>
<a href='0933.xhtml' class='hidden_a'><b> &lt; </b></a>
<a href='../nav/nav_0000.xhtml' class='hidden_a'>
E<b>934</b> C<b>-</b> K<b>-</b> S<b>-</b>
</a>
 <a href='0935.xhtml' class='hidden_a'><b> &gt; </b></a>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>1</b> I cannot tell why He, whom angels worship,</div>
<div class='line'>Should set His love upon the sons of men,</div>
<div class='line'>Or why, as Shepherd, He should seek the wand'rers,</div>
<div class='line'>To bring them back, they know not how or when.</div>
<div class='line'>But this I know, that He was born of Mary,</div>
<div class='line'>When Bethl'hem's manger was His only home,</div>
<div class='line'>And that He lived at Nazareth and labored,</div>
<div class='line'>And so the Savior, Savior of the world, is come.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>2</b> I cannot tell how silently He suffered,</div>
<div class='line'>As with His peace He graced this place of tears,</div>
<div class='line'>Or how His heart upon the Cross was broken,</div>
<div class='line'>The crown of pain to three and thirty years.</div>
<div class='line'>But this I know, He heals the broken-hearted,</div>
<div class='line'>And stays our sin, and calms our lurking fear,</div>
<div class='line'>And lifts the burden from the heavy laden,</div>
<div class='line'>For yet the Savior, Savior of the world, is here.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>3</b> I cannot tell how He will win the nations,</div>
<div class='line'>How He will claim His earthly heritage,</div>
<div class='line'>How satisfy the needs and aspirations</div>
<div class='line'>Of east and west, of sinner and of sage.</div>
<div class='line'>But this I know, all flesh shall see His glory,</div>
<div class='line'>And He shall reap the harvest He has sown,</div>
<div class='line'>And some glad day His sun shall shine in splendor</div>
<div class='line'>When He the Savior, Savior of the world, is known.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>4</b> I cannot tell how all the lands shall worship,</div>
<div class='line'>When, at His bidding, every storm is stilled,</div>
<div class='line'>Or who can say how great the jubilation</div>
<div class='line'>When all the hearts of men with love are filled.</div>
<div class='line'>But this I know, the skies will thrill with rapture,</div>
<div class='line'>And myriad, myriad human voices sing,</div>
<div class='line'>And earth to heaven, and heaven to earth, will answer:</div>
<div class='line'>At last the Savior, Savior of the world, is King.</div>
</div>
<div style='height:40px'></div>
</body></html>
