<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=UTF-8"/>
<title>Hymn 0941</title>
<link href='../stylesheet.css' rel='stylesheet' type='text/css'/>
</head>
<body>
<div style='text-align:center'>
<a href='0940.xhtml' class='hidden_a'><b> &lt; </b></a>
<a href='../nav/nav_0000.xhtml' class='hidden_a'>
E<b>941</b> C<b>745</b> K<b>745</b> S<b>426</b>
</a>
 <a href='0942.xhtml' class='hidden_a'><b> &gt; </b></a>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>1</b> God's kingdom is God's reigning,</div>
<div class='line'>His glory to maintain;</div>
<div class='line'>It is His sovereign ruling,</div>
<div class='line'>His order to sustain.</div>
<div class='line'>He exercises fully</div>
<div class='line'>His own authority</div>
<div class='line'>Within His kingdom ever</div>
<div class='line'>And to eternity.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>2</b> Upon the throne, the center</div>
<div class='line'>Of government divine,</div>
<div class='line'>God reigns, and with His purpose</div>
<div class='line'>Brings everything in line.</div>
<div class='line'>God's headship and His lordship</div>
<div class='line'>He only can maintain</div>
<div class='line'>As King within His kingdom,</div>
<div class='line'>O'er everything to reign.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>3</b> By reigning in His kingdom</div>
<div class='line'>God worketh all His will,</div>
<div class='line'>And under His dominion</div>
<div class='line'>His purpose doth fulfill.</div>
<div class='line'>'Tis only in God's kingdom</div>
<div class='line'>His blessing we may know;</div>
<div class='line'>'Tis from His throne almighty</div>
<div class='line'>The stream of life doth flow.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>4</b> Submitted to God's ruling,</div>
<div class='line'>All virtue thus will win;</div>
<div class='line'>Rebellion to His Headship</div>
<div class='line'>Is but the root of sin.</div>
<div class='line'>The evil aim of Satan -</div>
<div class='line'>God's throne to overthrow;</div>
<div class='line'>Our aim and goal is ever</div>
<div class='line'>His rule to fully know.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>5</b> Within God's sovereign kingdom</div>
<div class='line'>His Christ is magnified;</div>
<div class='line'>When Christ in life is reigning,</div>
<div class='line'>The Father's glorified.</div>
<div class='line'>When God is in dominion,</div>
<div class='line'>All things are truly blessed;</div>
<div class='line'>When Christ for God is reigning,</div>
<div class='line'>God's glory is expressed.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>6</b> In fulness of the seasons</div>
<div class='line'>God's Christ will head up all,</div>
<div class='line'>Then all will own His reigning</div>
<div class='line'>And worship, great and small.</div>
<div class='line'>Such reign in life and glory</div>
<div class='line'>The Church e'en now foretastes,</div>
<div class='line'>And to His rule submitting</div>
<div class='line'>Unto His kingdom hastes.</div>
</div>
<div style='height:40px'></div>
</body></html>
