<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=UTF-8"/>
<title>Hymn 0943</title>
<link href='../stylesheet.css' rel='stylesheet' type='text/css'/>
</head>
<body>
<div style='text-align:center'>
<a href='0942.xhtml' class='hidden_a'><b> &lt; </b></a>
<a href='../nav/nav_0000.xhtml' class='hidden_a'>
E<b>943</b> C<b>747</b> K<b>747</b> S<b>428</b>
</a>
 <a href='0944.xhtml' class='hidden_a'><b> &gt; </b></a>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>1</b> Requirements of the Kingdom are</div>
<div class='line'>Much stricter than the law's decrees;</div>
<div class='line'>No other requisite of God</div>
<div class='line'>Has ever higher been than these.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>2</b> "Repent, the Kingdom has come near,"</div>
<div class='line'>This is the Kingdom's first demand;</div>
<div class='line'>A change of mind we all must have</div>
<div class='line'>And on God's side must firmly stand.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>3</b> That we the Kingdom enter in,</div>
<div class='line'>Surpassing righteousness we need,</div>
<div class='line'>Exceeding that which is of law;</div>
<div class='line'>From life alone it must proceed.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>4</b> That we the Kingdom enter in,</div>
<div class='line'>We need to do the Father's will,</div>
<div class='line'>Not by our choice to work or act</div>
<div class='line'>But His one purpose to fulfill.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>5</b> That we the Kingdom enter in,</div>
<div class='line'>A simple child we must become -</div>
<div class='line'>Adjustable, obedient, meek -</div>
<div class='line'>And everything of self o'ercome.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>6</b> The Heav'nly Kingdom e'en requires</div>
<div class='line'>That we as God should perfect be;</div>
<div class='line'>This standard we must fully meet</div>
<div class='line'>That we may share its ecstasy.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>7</b> The Kingdom is the reign of God</div>
<div class='line'>To match His nature is required;</div>
<div class='line'>'Tis only by the life of God</div>
<div class='line'>The Kingdom's entry is acquired.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>8</b> The Kingdom is the rule of heav'n;</div>
<div class='line'>With heaven's state we must accord;</div>
<div class='line'>'Tis only by the life of heav'n</div>
<div class='line'>That we may share it with the Lord.</div>
</div>
<div style='height:40px'></div>
</body></html>
