<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=UTF-8"/>
<title>Hymn 0945</title>
<link href='../stylesheet.css' rel='stylesheet' type='text/css'/>
</head>
<body>
<div style='text-align:center'>
<a href='0944.xhtml' class='hidden_a'><b> &lt; </b></a>
<a href='../nav/nav_0000.xhtml' class='hidden_a'>
E<b>945</b> C<b>750</b> K<b>750</b> S<b>430</b>
</a>
 <a href='0946.xhtml' class='hidden_a'><b> &gt; </b></a>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>1</b> The Son of God has come to sow</div>
<div class='line'>Himself, the seed of life, in man,</div>
<div class='line'>That thru Himself God's Kingdom grow</div>
<div class='line'>And thus fulfill th' eternal plan.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>2</b> He was the only grain of wheat</div>
<div class='line'>Whence many grains have been produced</div>
<div class='line'>To be the Kingdom's children meet,</div>
<div class='line'>Thru whom God's reign is introduced.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>3</b> But Satan, enemy of God,</div>
<div class='line'>Sowed many tares among the wheat,</div>
<div class='line'>The Kingdom's children to confuse,</div>
<div class='line'>And awful damage to create.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>4</b> 'Tis by this subtle work of his,</div>
<div class='line'>The mixing of the tares with wheat,</div>
<div class='line'>The Kingdom in appearance is</div>
<div class='line'>Abnormal and grotesquely great.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>5</b> The Kingdom should as mustard be,</div>
<div class='line'>A little herb, yet good for food,</div>
<div class='line'>But it has changed into a "tree,"</div>
<div class='line'>A system of great magnitude.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>6</b> Instead of being good for food,</div>
<div class='line'>A lodge of "birds" it has become;</div>
<div class='line'>'Tis now a place where evil men</div>
<div class='line'>And evil spirits make their home.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>7</b> A great religion of the world</div>
<div class='line'>Its outward form to us reveals,</div>
<div class='line'>Including pagan, evil things,</div>
<div class='line'>As leaven mingled with the meal.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>8</b> A system of the world as such,</div>
<div class='line'>It thus has changed in outward form;</div>
<div class='line'>By evil things which it imbibes,</div>
<div class='line'>Corruption inwardly doth swarm.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>9</b> But something hidden God doth seek,</div>
<div class='line'>As "pearl" and "treasure in the field";</div>
<div class='line'>As such the Lord would us transform</div>
<div class='line'>That pearl and treasure be revealed.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>10</b> 'Tis hidden from vast Christendom</div>
<div class='line'>And from the Kingdom's great facade,</div>
<div class='line'>Yet in its full reality</div>
<div class='line'>'Tis transformed like to Christ and God.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>11</b> Lord, separate us from the "tares,"</div>
<div class='line'>And save us from the monstrous "tree";</div>
<div class='line'>From all the "leaven" purge us now</div>
<div class='line'>That we may purely be of Thee.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>12</b> May Thou in life transform our souls</div>
<div class='line'>That we as precious stones may be,</div>
<div class='line'>Meet for Thy house to build and in</div>
<div class='line'>Thy Kingdom's full reality.</div>
</div>
<div style='height:40px'></div>
</body></html>
