<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=UTF-8"/>
<title>Hymn 0946</title>
<link href='../stylesheet.css' rel='stylesheet' type='text/css'/>
</head>
<body>
<div style='text-align:center'>
<a href='0945.xhtml' class='hidden_a'><b> &lt; </b></a>
<a href='../nav/nav_0000.xhtml' class='hidden_a'>
E<b>946</b> C<b>749</b> K<b>749</b> S<b>-</b>
</a>
 <a href='0947.xhtml' class='hidden_a'><b> &gt; </b></a>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>1</b> Lo, the glory! Lo, the splendor!</div>
<div class='line'>Heaven's Kingdom manifest!</div>
<div class='line'>And its glorious King, our Master,</div>
<div class='line'>Is by God's appointment blest.</div>
<div class='line'>Once in flesh He came so lowly,</div>
<div class='line'>Hated and despised by man;</div>
<div class='line'>Now He comes again in glory</div>
<div class='line'>To fulfill the Kingdom plan.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>2</b> Going to receive the Kingdom</div>
<div class='line'>From His God, the Ancient of Days,</div>
<div class='line'>Now He cometh with the Kingdom</div>
<div class='line'>And its glorious, ruling rays.</div>
<div class='line'>He's "the Stone" which breaks the nations</div>
<div class='line'>Into pieces lowliest,</div>
<div class='line'>Which "a mountain great" becometh</div>
<div class='line'>As the Kingdom manifest.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>3</b> Lo, the earth, all lands and kingdoms,</div>
<div class='line'>By the Lord and Christ possessed;</div>
<div class='line'>Earth beneath their sovereign ruling</div>
<div class='line'>Will be full of peace and rest.</div>
<div class='line'>No more war and no more hatred</div>
<div class='line'>'Twixt the nations will there be;</div>
<div class='line'>But God's knowledge shall suffuse them</div>
<div class='line'>As the waters fill the sea.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>4</b> All the Christian overcomers</div>
<div class='line'>Shall with Christ in glory reign,</div>
<div class='line'>And the remnant saved of Israel</div>
<div class='line'>Then God's priesthood shall obtain.</div>
<div class='line'>As God's people shall the nations</div>
<div class='line'>'Neath their rule and teaching be,</div>
<div class='line'>And a glorious restoration</div>
<div class='line'>All creation then shall see.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>5</b> Satan will be bound and banished;</div>
<div class='line'>From his rule will earth be freed;</div>
<div class='line'>With Christ's sovereign reign and headship</div>
<div class='line'>Earth will then be blessed indeed.</div>
<div class='line'>All to Christ will then be subject,</div>
<div class='line'>To His pow'r and to His will;</div>
<div class='line'>As the Head and Center glorious,</div>
<div class='line'>He God's purpose will fulfill.</div>
</div>
<div style='height:40px'></div>
</body></html>
