<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=UTF-8"/>
<title>Hymn 0958</title>
<link href='../stylesheet.css' rel='stylesheet' type='text/css'/>
</head>
<body>
<div style='text-align:center'>
<a href='0957.xhtml' class='hidden_a'><b> &lt; </b></a>
<a href='../nav/nav_0000.xhtml' class='hidden_a'>
E<b>958</b> C<b>758</b> K<b>758</b> S<b>438</b>
</a>
 <a href='0959.xhtml' class='hidden_a'><b> &gt; </b></a>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>1</b> Since long ago at Bethany we parted,</div>
<div class='line'>Within my heart there is a ceaseless void;</div>
<div class='line'>How can I take my harp down from the willow?</div>
<div class='line'>How can my songs without Thee be enjoyed?</div>
<div class='line'>And when at night I'm keeping lonely vigil -</div>
<div class='line'>Grown numb alike to sorrow and to cheer -</div>
<div class='line'>Then I recall the promise of Thy coming,</div>
<div class='line'>But sigh: O Lord, why, why Thou dost not yet appear?</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>2</b> Thy manger wakes the thought: I too am homeless;</div>
<div class='line'>Thy cross strips earthly pleasures from my soul;</div>
<div class='line'>Thy coming bids me seek a better country,</div>
<div class='line'>For Thou Thyself art now my final goal.</div>
<div class='line'>Since Thou art gone my joy has lost its flavor,</div>
<div class='line'>My song the sweetness I would fain convey.</div>
<div class='line'>Since Thou art gone the sense of void o'erwhelms me.</div>
<div class='line'>Oh, how I long that Thou wilt come and not delay.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>3</b> Though even now I know Thy loving presence,</div>
<div class='line'>Yet in my heart there's still a sense of lack.</div>
<div class='line'>Enlightening and tenderest sustaining</div>
<div class='line'>Can no more satisfy: I want Thee back.</div>
<div class='line'>Despite Thy peace within, I still feel lonely;</div>
<div class='line'>Despite Thy joy there still remains a sigh;</div>
<div class='line'>When I feel most content, the silent yearning</div>
<div class='line'>To see Thee face to face becomes an uttered cry.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>4</b> What exile cannot but desire his homeland</div>
<div class='line'>And long his people once again to greet?</div>
<div class='line'>What soul on alien soil forgets his kindred?</div>
<div class='line'>What parted lovers never yearn to meet?</div>
<div class='line'>O Lord, how can these earthly loves and pleasures</div>
<div class='line'>With all the joy of Thy return compare?</div>
<div class='line'>Then, if I cannot here behold Thy countenance,</div>
<div class='line'>What can I do but sigh till Thou, my Lord, appear?</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>5</b> Could'st Thou, O Lord, forget Thy word of promise</div>
<div class='line'>Soon to return and take me unto Thee?</div>
<div class='line'>Yet day by day and year by year I've waited</div>
<div class='line'>And still I wait, and no return I see!</div>
<div class='line'>Remember, Lord, the years I have been waiting</div>
<div class='line'>While Thy dear footsteps linger far away.</div>
<div class='line'>How long? How long? Oh! must I wait still longer</div>
<div class='line'>Till Thou shalt come again in glorious array?</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>6</b> From generation unto generation</div>
<div class='line'>Thy saints have come and gone, but have not seen</div>
<div class='line'>Thy glorious promise pass into fulfilment.</div>
<div class='line'>How long, how very long the time has been!</div>
<div class='line'>Why cannot we, dear Lord, discern Thy footsteps?</div>
<div class='line'>Why are the heavens still so closely sealed?</div>
<div class='line'>Oh! must our waiting be prolonged still further</div>
<div class='line'>Before Thou in Thy matchless splendor art revealed?</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>7</b> Lord, I recall the many years I've waited</div>
<div class='line'>For Thy return - yet, Lord, not I alone,</div>
<div class='line'>But Thy dear saints through many generations -</div>
<div class='line'>Beseeching Thee to come back for Thine own.</div>
<div class='line'>To countless tears and countless fervent pleadings,</div>
<div class='line'>By Thine appearing haste to make reply.</div>
<div class='line'>Oh, may Thou come, the echo of the ages,</div>
<div class='line'>Come, come and answer now this mighty corp'rate cry!</div>
</div>
<div style='height:40px'></div>
</body></html>
