<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=UTF-8"/>
<title>Hymn 0959</title>
<link href='../stylesheet.css' rel='stylesheet' type='text/css'/>
</head>
<body>
<div style='text-align:center'>
<a href='0958.xhtml' class='hidden_a'><b> &lt; </b></a>
<a href='../nav/nav_0000.xhtml' class='hidden_a'>
E<b>959</b> C<b>760</b> K<b>760</b> S<b>-</b>
</a>
 <a href='0960.xhtml' class='hidden_a'><b> &gt; </b></a>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>1</b> Since Thy departure from Olivet's Mountain,</div>
<div class='line'>Why is Thy coming again so delayed?</div>
<div class='line'>Thru the long years we have longed for Thy coming;</div>
<div class='line'>Hast Thou not heard all the prayers that we've prayed?</div>
</div>
<div class='chorus'>
<div class='line'>Come Thou, come now:</div>
<div class='line'>Lord, for Thy coming we yearn;</div>
<div class='line'>All our desire is Thy promised returning,</div>
<div class='line'>Oh, may Thou quickly return.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>2</b> Beloved Lord, since the year Thou ascended</div>
<div class='line'>Everything here has been tasteless and dry;</div>
<div class='line'>Often in praying and often in watching,</div>
<div class='line'>In every movement, for Thee, Lord, we sigh.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>3</b> Scenes although lovely, yet when will we meet Thee?</div>
<div class='line'>Birds and the flowers fair beauty embrace;</div>
<div class='line'>All are delightsome, but none satisfy me,</div>
<div class='line'>For I am longing for Thy loving face.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>4</b> Lord, we're impatient awaiting Thy coming,</div>
<div class='line'>We do not know how much longer 'twill be;</div>
<div class='line'>From every sunrise to every bright sunset</div>
<div class='line'>Hope we each moment Thy coming to see.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>5</b> Whene'er 'tis raining, or strong winds are blowing,</div>
<div class='line'>Whene'er the moon shines, or rises the sea,</div>
<div class='line'>We ever hope to discover Thy coming;</div>
<div class='line'>How disappointed when no sign of Thee!</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>6</b> If it were not for the bidding Thou gav'st us,</div>
<div class='line'>We'd be discouraged, Thy service we'd shirk;</div>
<div class='line'>But Thou dost want us while waiting Thy coming,</div>
<div class='line'>For Thee to live and in diligence work.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>7</b> Oh Lord, remember the days have been lengthened</div>
<div class='line'>Since Thou hast promised ere going away;</div>
<div class='line'>We hope and hope and are endlessly hoping,</div>
<div class='line'>That Thou wilt come. Canst Thou come e'en today?</div>
</div>
<div style='height:40px'></div>
</body></html>
