<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=UTF-8"/>
<title>Hymn 0960</title>
<link href='../stylesheet.css' rel='stylesheet' type='text/css'/>
</head>
<body>
<div style='text-align:center'>
<a href='0959.xhtml' class='hidden_a'><b> &lt; </b></a>
<a href='../nav/nav_0000.xhtml' class='hidden_a'>
E<b>960</b> C<b>756</b> K<b>756</b> S<b>439</b>
</a>
 <a href='0961.xhtml' class='hidden_a'><b> &gt; </b></a>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>1</b> My King will soon come back again,</div>
<div class='line'>The sky be filled with Him;</div>
<div class='line'>The universe to be redeemed</div>
<div class='line'>Will see His light therein.</div>
<div class='line'>The Lord will soon fulfill His plan,</div>
<div class='line'>His footsteps now I hear;</div>
<div class='line'>His glorious frame I faintly see</div>
<div class='line'>Beginning to appear.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>2</b> I'm longing for His presence blest</div>
<div class='line'>And dare not slothful be</div>
<div class='line'>While waiting for my Lord's return,</div>
<div class='line'>His own dear self to see.</div>
<div class='line'>My only hope - that He may come</div>
<div class='line'>And change my faith to sight;</div>
<div class='line'>There is no other joy on earth</div>
<div class='line'>Which gives my heart delight.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>3</b> My heart is always with Himself,</div>
<div class='line'>My eyes are heavenward,</div>
<div class='line'>My lips would utter nothing else</div>
<div class='line'>Than meeting with my Lord.</div>
<div class='line'>The coming of the Lord draws nigh,</div>
<div class='line'>His coming is for me;</div>
<div class='line'>His promise ever standeth firm</div>
<div class='line'>And soon fulfilled I'll see.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>4</b> My Savior, all Thy holy words</div>
<div class='line'>Can never doubted be;</div>
<div class='line'>With them encouraged day by day,</div>
<div class='line'>I'm faithful unto Thee.</div>
<div class='line'>Oh, may Thy glory soon appear,</div>
<div class='line'>The foe be overthrown;</div>
<div class='line'>Thy promises be realized,</div>
<div class='line'>And we brought to Thy throne.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>5</b> Thy saving arm a refuge is,</div>
<div class='line'>My Savior God, to me;</div>
<div class='line'>Thou as the father keepeth them</div>
<div class='line'>Who put their trust in Thee.</div>
<div class='line'>The sheep and shepherd are of one,</div>
<div class='line'>The head and body same;</div>
<div class='line'>None e'er can pluck from out Thy hand</div>
<div class='line'>The child who trusts Thy Name.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>6</b> A thousand hands won't hinder me,</div>
<div class='line'>Nor will ten thousand eyes;</div>
<div class='line'>The thorns upon the road but help</div>
<div class='line'>Me onward to the prize.</div>
<div class='line'>Arise, my spirit and my heart,</div>
<div class='line'>And let the world go by;</div>
<div class='line'>The Lord of life will take me soon</div>
<div class='line'>To be with Him on high.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>7</b> Thou healing sun! Thou hope of man!</div>
<div class='line'>I really love Thy ray.</div>
<div class='line'>Oh, righteous Lord! Oh, glorious King!</div>
<div class='line'>I bow to Thee and pray:</div>
<div class='line'>Oh, may Thou soon ascend Thy throne</div>
<div class='line'>And quickly show Thy face;</div>
<div class='line'>Thy heav'nly kingdom may Thou found</div>
<div class='line'>And grant all men Thy grace.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>8</b> The truth should triumph and be king,</div>
<div class='line'>And freedom should be queen;</div>
<div class='line'>But falsehood, which has rampant run,</div>
<div class='line'>Head of the world is seen.</div>
<div class='line'>We ask Thee, Truth, to quickly come</div>
<div class='line'>And bring Thy light from heav'n;</div>
<div class='line'>The foe be crushed and all Thy sons</div>
<div class='line'>Into Thy bosom giv'n.</div>
</div>
<div style='height:40px'></div>
</body></html>
