<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=UTF-8"/>
<title>Hymn 0961</title>
<link href='../stylesheet.css' rel='stylesheet' type='text/css'/>
</head>
<body>
<div style='text-align:center'>
<a href='0960.xhtml' class='hidden_a'><b> &lt; </b></a>
<a href='../nav/nav_0000.xhtml' class='hidden_a'>
E<b>961</b> C<b>-</b> K<b>-</b> S<b>-</b>
</a>
 <a href='0962.xhtml' class='hidden_a'><b> &gt; </b></a>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>1</b> The Church has waited long,</div>
<div class='line'>Her absent Lord to see,</div>
<div class='line'>And still in loneliness she waits,</div>
<div class='line'>A friendless stranger she.</div>
<div class='line'>Age after age had gone,</div>
<div class='line'>Sun after sun has set,</div>
<div class='line'>And still in weeds of widowhood,</div>
<div class='line'>She weeps a mourner yet.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>2</b> Saint after saint on earth</div>
<div class='line'>Has lived, and loved, and died;</div>
<div class='line'>And as they left us one by one,</div>
<div class='line'>We laid them side by side;</div>
<div class='line'>We laid them down to sleep,</div>
<div class='line'>But not in hope forlorn;</div>
<div class='line'>We laid them but to ripen there,</div>
<div class='line'>Till the last glorious morn.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>3</b> The serpent's brood increase,</div>
<div class='line'>The powers of hell grow bold,</div>
<div class='line'>The conflict thickens, faith is low,</div>
<div class='line'>And love is waxing cold.</div>
<div class='line'>How long, O Lord our God,</div>
<div class='line'>Holy, and true, and good,</div>
<div class='line'>Wilt Thou not judge Thy suffering Church,</div>
<div class='line'>Her sighs, and tears, and blood?</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>4</b> We long to hear Thy voice,</div>
<div class='line'>To see Thee face to face,</div>
<div class='line'>To share Thy crown and glory then,</div>
<div class='line'>As now we share Thy grace.</div>
<div class='line'>Should not the loving bride</div>
<div class='line'>Her absent bridegroom mourn?</div>
<div class='line'>Should she not wear the signs of grief</div>
<div class='line'>Until her Lord return?</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>5</b> The whole creation groans,</div>
<div class='line'>And waits to hear that voice</div>
<div class='line'>That shall her beauteousness restore,</div>
<div class='line'>And make her wastes rejoice.</div>
<div class='line'>Come, Lord, and wipe away</div>
<div class='line'>The curse, the sin, the stain,</div>
<div class='line'>And make this blighted world of ours</div>
<div class='line'>Thine own fair world again.</div>
</div>
<div style='height:40px'></div>
</body></html>
