<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=UTF-8"/>
<title>Hymn 0964</title>
<link href='../stylesheet.css' rel='stylesheet' type='text/css'/>
</head>
<body>
<div style='text-align:center'>
<a href='0963.xhtml' class='hidden_a'><b> &lt; </b></a>
<a href='../nav/nav_0000.xhtml' class='hidden_a'>
E<b>964</b> C<b>-</b> K<b>-</b> S<b>-</b>
</a>
 <a href='0965.xhtml' class='hidden_a'><b> &gt; </b></a>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>1</b> 'Midst the darkness, storm, and sorrow,</div>
<div class='line'>One bright gleam I see;</div>
<div class='line'>Well I know the blessed morrow</div>
<div class='line'>Christ will come for me.</div>
<div class='line'>'Midst the peace, the joy, the glory</div>
<div class='line'>And the light, God's own,</div>
<div class='line'>Christ for me is watching, waiting,</div>
<div class='line'>Waiting 'til I come.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>2</b> Long the blessed Guide has led me,</div>
<div class='line'>By the desert road;</div>
<div class='line'>Now I see the coming splendor,</div>
<div class='line'>Splendor of my God.</div>
<div class='line'>There amidst the love and glory</div>
<div class='line'>He is waiting yet;</div>
<div class='line'>On His hands a name is graven</div>
<div class='line'>He can ne'er forget.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>3</b> Who is this, who comes to meet me,</div>
<div class='line'>On the desert way,</div>
<div class='line'>As the Morning Star foretelling</div>
<div class='line'>God's unclouded day?</div>
<div class='line'>He it is who came to win me,</div>
<div class='line'>On the cross of shame;</div>
<div class='line'>In His glory well I know Him,</div>
<div class='line'>Evermore the same.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>4</b> O the blessed joy of meeting,</div>
<div class='line'>All the desert past;</div>
<div class='line'>O the wondrous words of greeting,</div>
<div class='line'>He shall speak at last!</div>
<div class='line'>He and I together ent'ring</div>
<div class='line'>The fair realm above;</div>
<div class='line'>He and I together sharing</div>
<div class='line'>All the Father's love.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>5</b> Where no shade nor stain can enter,</div>
<div class='line'>Nor the gold be dim,</div>
<div class='line'>In His holiness unsullied,</div>
<div class='line'>I shall walk with Him.</div>
<div class='line'>Meet companion then for Jesus,</div>
<div class='line'>From Him, for Him, made -</div>
<div class='line'>Glory of God's grace forever</div>
<div class='line'>There in me displayed.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>6</b> He who in His hour of sorrow</div>
<div class='line'>Bore the curse alone;</div>
<div class='line'>I who through the lonely desert</div>
<div class='line'>Trod where He had gone;</div>
<div class='line'>He and I, in that bright glory,</div>
<div class='line'>One deep joy shall share -</div>
<div class='line'>Mine, to be forever with Him;</div>
<div class='line'>His, that I am there.</div>
</div>
<div style='height:40px'></div>
</body></html>
