<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=UTF-8"/>
<title>Hymn 0968</title>
<link href='../stylesheet.css' rel='stylesheet' type='text/css'/>
</head>
<body>
<div style='text-align:center'>
<a href='0967.xhtml' class='hidden_a'><b> &lt; </b></a>
<a href='../nav/nav_0000.xhtml' class='hidden_a'>
E<b>968</b> C<b>-</b> K<b>-</b> S<b>-</b>
</a>
 <a href='0969.xhtml' class='hidden_a'><b> &gt; </b></a>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>1</b> Hail to the Lord's Anointed,</div>
<div class='line'>Great David's greater Son!</div>
<div class='line'>Hail, in the time appointed,</div>
<div class='line'>His reign on earth begun!</div>
<div class='line'>He comes to break oppression,</div>
<div class='line'>To set the captive free;</div>
<div class='line'>To take away transgression,</div>
<div class='line'>And rule in equity.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>2</b> He shall come down like showers</div>
<div class='line'>Upon the fruitful earth;</div>
<div class='line'>And love, joy, hope, like flowers,</div>
<div class='line'>Spring in His path to birth:</div>
<div class='line'>Before Him on the mountains</div>
<div class='line'>Shall peace, the herald, go;</div>
<div class='line'>And righteousness, in fountains,</div>
<div class='line'>From hill to valley flow.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>3</b> Kings shall fall down before Him,</div>
<div class='line'>And gold and incense bring;</div>
<div class='line'>All nations shall adore Him,</div>
<div class='line'>His praise all people sing;</div>
<div class='line'>For He shall have dominion</div>
<div class='line'>O'er river, sea, and shore,</div>
<div class='line'>Far as the eagle's pinion,</div>
<div class='line'>Or dove's light wing can soar.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>4</b> To Him shall prayer unceasing</div>
<div class='line'>And daily vows ascend;</div>
<div class='line'>His kingdom still increasing,</div>
<div class='line'>A kingdom without end.</div>
<div class='line'>The mountain dews shall nourish</div>
<div class='line'>A seed in weakness sown,</div>
<div class='line'>Whose fruit shall spread and flourish,</div>
<div class='line'>And shake like Lebanon.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>5</b> O'er every foe victorious</div>
<div class='line'>He on His throne shall rest,</div>
<div class='line'>From age to age more glorious,</div>
<div class='line'>All-blessing and all-blest.</div>
<div class='line'>The tide of time shall never</div>
<div class='line'>His covenant remove;</div>
<div class='line'>His Name shall stand forever,</div>
<div class='line'>His changeless Name of Love.</div>
</div>
<div style='height:40px'></div>
</body></html>
