<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=UTF-8"/>
<title>Hymn 0973</title>
<link href='../stylesheet.css' rel='stylesheet' type='text/css'/>
</head>
<body>
<div style='text-align:center'>
<a href='0972.xhtml' class='hidden_a'><b> &lt; </b></a>
<a href='../nav/nav_0000.xhtml' class='hidden_a'>
E<b>973</b> C<b>772</b> K<b>772</b> S<b>452</b>
</a>
 <a href='0974.xhtml' class='hidden_a'><b> &gt; </b></a>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>1</b> Our goal - the holy city with the Lord,</div>
<div class='line'>It is our portion, 'tis where He's adored;</div>
<div class='line'>Although our bodies still are living here,</div>
<div class='line'>Our spirits with our glorious Lord are there;</div>
<div class='line'>Our spirits with our glorious Lord are there.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>2</b> Our goal divine - the new Jerusalem -</div>
<div class='line'>That holy city made for God with men;</div>
<div class='line'>For all redeemed, who have Thy pathway trod,</div>
<div class='line'>Shall have the right to share the bliss with God,</div>
<div class='line'>Shall have the right to share the bliss with God.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>3</b> And every time we toward that city gaze,</div>
<div class='line'>Then every time we long to see Thy face;</div>
<div class='line'>We long to hear the shout that calls to Thee,</div>
<div class='line'>With Thee to share Thy God eternally,</div>
<div class='line'>With Thee to share Thy God eternally.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>4</b> Our heart's desire is not the peace so sweet,</div>
<div class='line'>Our longed for hope is not the joy we'll meet;</div>
<div class='line'>But Thou Thyself, Thou art "our hope," O Lord,</div>
<div class='line'>For 'tis Thyself that will be our reward,</div>
<div class='line'>For 'tis Thyself that will be our reward.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>5</b> O Jesus, Lord, we pray Thee hear our cry,</div>
<div class='line'>Come! Bring us to that city from on high!</div>
<div class='line'>That in that glory we may share with Thee,</div>
<div class='line'>Thy loving Self partake eternally,</div>
<div class='line'>Thy loving Self partake eternally.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>6</b> O Lord, Thou sayest, "I make all things new,"</div>
<div class='line'>New heav'ns, new earth, and all within them too!</div>
<div class='line'>Our God Himself our portion then shall be;</div>
<div class='line'>O Lord, come quickly! Take us up with Thee,</div>
<div class='line'>O Lord, come quickly! Take us up with Thee.</div>
</div>
<div style='height:40px'></div>
</body></html>
