<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=UTF-8"/>
<title>Hymn 0975</title>
<link href='../stylesheet.css' rel='stylesheet' type='text/css'/>
</head>
<body>
<div style='text-align:center'>
<a href='0974.xhtml' class='hidden_a'><b> &lt; </b></a>
<a href='../nav/nav_0000.xhtml' class='hidden_a'>
E<b>975</b> C<b>774</b> K<b>774</b> S<b>454</b>
</a>
 <a href='0976.xhtml' class='hidden_a'><b> &gt; </b></a>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>1</b> It was a garden in the primal age,</div>
<div class='line'>But at the end it is a city square;</div>
<div class='line'>Creation's center in the garden was,</div>
<div class='line'>God's building issues in the city fair.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>2</b> Both in the garden and the city fair</div>
<div class='line'>A river and the tree of life are seen,</div>
<div class='line'>Christ typifying as the life supply,</div>
<div class='line'>The Spirit showing as the living stream.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>3</b> Both in the garden and the city bright</div>
<div class='line'>Three kinds of precious substances are found;</div>
<div class='line'>There are the gold, the pearls, and precious stones</div>
<div class='line'>Which for the building work of God abound.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>4</b> But in the garden all these precious things</div>
<div class='line'>Are just materials lying in the earth,</div>
<div class='line'>Yet in the city all are builded up</div>
<div class='line'>And form that dwelling of transcendent worth.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>5</b> Man in the garden of the clay was formed,</div>
<div class='line'>In nature as the Lord created him;</div>
<div class='line'>The tree of life was then without the man,</div>
<div class='line'>Not having yet become his life within.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>6</b> But in the city glorious the tree</div>
<div class='line'>Within the corporate "man" doth grow, thereby</div>
<div class='line'>Revealing Christ Himself as life divine</div>
<div class='line'>Being to man his inward life supply.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>7</b> 'Tis for the city man is wrought upon,</div>
<div class='line'>Therefore regenerated and transformed</div>
<div class='line'>To purest gold, to pearls and precious stones,</div>
<div class='line'>As Christ's own Body, to Himself conformed.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>8</b> Within the garden also was a bride,</div>
<div class='line'>Who was to Adam as his counterpart;</div>
<div class='line'>Lastly, the city is itself the bride</div>
<div class='line'>As Christ's own fulness, precious to His heart.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>9</b> The city is God's building work replete,</div>
<div class='line'>A composition of the justified;</div>
<div class='line'>A habitation it affords to God</div>
<div class='line'>And is to Christ His own beloved bride.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>10</b> 'Tis God's expression, ultimate and full,</div>
<div class='line'>Corporate and universal, marvelous;</div>
<div class='line'>God's glory it completely manifests,</div>
<div class='line'>And is Christ's counterpart most glorious.</div>
</div>
<div style='height:40px'></div>
</body></html>
