<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=UTF-8"/>
<title>Hymn 0976</title>
<link href='../stylesheet.css' rel='stylesheet' type='text/css'/>
</head>
<body>
<div style='text-align:center'>
<a href='0975.xhtml' class='hidden_a'><b> &lt; </b></a>
<a href='../nav/nav_0000.xhtml' class='hidden_a'>
E<b>976</b> C<b>775</b> K<b>775</b> S<b>455</b>
</a>
 <a href='0977.xhtml' class='hidden_a'><b> &gt; </b></a>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>1</b> O Lord Jesus, Thy redeemed ones</div>
<div class='line'>Are Thy Body and Thy Bride;</div>
<div class='line'>As Thy fulness, Thine expression,</div>
<div class='line'>In her Thou art glorified.</div>
<div class='line'>Thou, her all in all forever,</div>
<div class='line'>She Thy riches doth declare;</div>
<div class='line'>Thou dost fully saturate her</div>
<div class='line'>And Thy glory with her share.</div>
</div>
<div class='chorus'>
<div class='line'>Lo, the holy city,</div>
<div class='line'>Full of God's bright glory!</div>
<div class='line'>It is God's complete expression</div>
<div class='line'>In humanity.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>2</b> God with man completely blended,</div>
<div class='line'>Mystery of godliness,</div>
<div class='line'>God in glory, full, resplendent,</div>
<div class='line'>Man, His dwelling, doth express.</div>
<div class='line'>'Tis a vessel universal</div>
<div class='line'>All God's fulness to express;</div>
<div class='line'>All His beauty manifesting,</div>
<div class='line'>Mingled with His holiness.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>3</b> 'Tis a living composition</div>
<div class='line'>Of the saints He hath transformed;</div>
<div class='line'>As the pearls and stones most precious,</div>
<div class='line'>To His image they're conformed:</div>
<div class='line'>From the throne of God, its center,</div>
<div class='line'>Flows the living water free;</div>
<div class='line'>Christ the tree of life doth flourish,</div>
<div class='line'>Bearing fruit abundantly.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>4</b> 'Tis th' eternal golden lampstand,</div>
<div class='line'>Holding Christ, the lamp of light;</div>
<div class='line'>God in Christ the light of glory</div>
<div class='line'>As the Spirit shineth bright!</div>
<div class='line'>'Tis the ultimate expression -</div>
<div class='line'>Man in God and God in man;</div>
<div class='line'>'Tis their mutual habitation,</div>
<div class='line'>Goal of God's eternal plan.</div>
</div>
<div style='height:40px'></div>
</body></html>
