<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=UTF-8"/>
<title>Hymn 0977</title>
<link href='../stylesheet.css' rel='stylesheet' type='text/css'/>
</head>
<body>
<div style='text-align:center'>
<a href='0976.xhtml' class='hidden_a'><b> &lt; </b></a>
<a href='../nav/nav_0000.xhtml' class='hidden_a'>
E<b>977</b> C<b>-</b> K<b>869</b> S<b>-</b>
</a>
 <a href='0978.xhtml' class='hidden_a'><b> &gt; </b></a>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>1</b> Glorious things of thee are spoken,</div>
<div class='line'>Holy city of our God;</div>
<div class='line'>He whose word cannot be broken</div>
<div class='line'>Formed thee for His own abode;</div>
<div class='line'>On the Rock of Ages founded,</div>
<div class='line'>What can shake thy sure repose?</div>
<div class='line'>With salvation's walls surrounded,</div>
<div class='line'>Thou may'st smile at all thy foes.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>2</b> See the streams of living waters,</div>
<div class='line'>Springing from eternal love,</div>
<div class='line'>Well supply thy blessed members,</div>
<div class='line'>And all fear of want remove;</div>
<div class='line'>Who can faint, when such a river</div>
<div class='line'>Ever flows their thirst t' assuage?</div>
<div class='line'>Grace which, like the Lord, the giver,</div>
<div class='line'>Never fails from age to age.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>3</b> Blest constituents of Zion,</div>
<div class='line'>Washed in the Redeemer's blood;</div>
<div class='line'>Jesus, whom their souls rely on,</div>
<div class='line'>Makes them kings and priest to God.</div>
<div class='line'>'Tis His love His people raises</div>
<div class='line'>Over self to reign as kings:</div>
<div class='line'>And as priests, His worthy praises,</div>
<div class='line'>Each his thankful offering brings.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>4</b> Savior, if of Zion's city</div>
<div class='line'>I, through grace, a member am,</div>
<div class='line'>Let the world deride or pity -</div>
<div class='line'>I will glory in Thy name.</div>
<div class='line'>Fading is the worldling's pleasure,</div>
<div class='line'>All his boasted pomp and show;</div>
<div class='line'>Solid joys and lasting treasure</div>
<div class='line'>None but Zion's members know.</div>
</div>
<div style='height:40px'></div>
</body></html>
