<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=UTF-8"/>
<title>Hymn 0979</title>
<link href='../stylesheet.css' rel='stylesheet' type='text/css'/>
</head>
<body>
<div style='text-align:center'>
<a href='0978.xhtml' class='hidden_a'><b> &lt; </b></a>
<a href='../nav/nav_0000.xhtml' class='hidden_a'>
E<b>979</b> C<b>776</b> K<b>776</b> S<b>-</b>
</a>
 <a href='0980.xhtml' class='hidden_a'><b> &gt; </b></a>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>1</b> How glorious, how bright it shines,</div>
<div class='line'>The holy, new Jerusalem;</div>
<div class='line'>It is God's dwelling place with man,</div>
<div class='line'>The spotless bride of Christ, the Lamb.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>2</b> Saints of the Old and of the New,</div>
<div class='line'>Heirs of the promise God bestowed,</div>
<div class='line'>Components of the city are,</div>
<div class='line'>Together built for God's abode.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>3</b> Perfectly square the city lies,</div>
<div class='line'>All sides are equal - length, width, height;</div>
<div class='line'>No measurement more long or short,</div>
<div class='line'>No part oblique, it stands upright.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>4</b> The city with its street pure gold</div>
<div class='line'>As clear as glass transparent is,</div>
<div class='line'>Showing that God's transcendent life</div>
<div class='line'>Its quality and nature is.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>5</b> Twelve city gates are each one pearl;</div>
<div class='line'>Thus man is through redemption shown</div>
<div class='line'>Reborn and as a pearl transformed,</div>
<div class='line'>Entering to a realm God's own.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>6</b> The twelve foundations of its wall</div>
<div class='line'>Are with twelve precious stones adorned;</div>
<div class='line'>Through fire and pressure recomposed</div>
<div class='line'>And with eternal value formed.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>7</b> The wall of jasper, crystal clear,</div>
<div class='line'>God's glory by it fully shown;</div>
<div class='line'>His glorious light through it does shine,</div>
<div class='line'>And He appears as jasper stone.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>8</b> The wall a separation makes,</div>
<div class='line'>Excluding all that is unclean;</div>
<div class='line'>Gold, pearls, and precious stones alone</div>
<div class='line'>The holy city has within.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>9</b> God and the Lamb the Temple are!</div>
<div class='line'>We shall behold His glorious face;</div>
<div class='line'>His presence never will depart,</div>
<div class='line'>We'll worship Him thru endless days.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>10</b> The city needs no sun nor moon</div>
<div class='line'>For God's own glory is its light;</div>
<div class='line'>The Lamb's the lamp the city bears,</div>
<div class='line'>In all directions blazing bright.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>11</b> Out from the throne of God and the Lamb</div>
<div class='line'>Flows midst the street a living stream,</div>
<div class='line'>And on its banks, on either side,</div>
<div class='line'>The tree of life is thriving seen.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>12</b> This signifies the life of God</div>
<div class='line'>Not just for food or water flows,</div>
<div class='line'>But carries God's authority</div>
<div class='line'>As it throughout the city goes.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>13</b> The street of purest gold therein</div>
<div class='line'>God's nature as the way doth show;</div>
<div class='line'>A river in it flows for drink</div>
<div class='line'>And fruits of life abundant grow.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>14</b> The number twelve means government,</div>
<div class='line'>Perfection which eternal is;</div>
<div class='line'>God blent with man it also tells -</div>
<div class='line'>Three multiplied by four shows this.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>15</b> Darkness and death shall be no more,</div>
<div class='line'>Sorrow and pain shall pass away,</div>
<div class='line'>Old will be gone and all be new,</div>
<div class='line'>God will abide with man for aye.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>16</b> The city has God's image full,</div>
<div class='line'>It rules for Him, the sovereign King,</div>
<div class='line'>Fulfilling His eternal plan,</div>
<div class='line'>Complete content to Him to bring.</div>
</div>
<div style='height:40px'></div>
</body></html>
