<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=UTF-8"/>
<title>Hymn 0980</title>
<link href='../stylesheet.css' rel='stylesheet' type='text/css'/>
</head>
<body>
<div style='text-align:center'>
<a href='0979.xhtml' class='hidden_a'><b> &lt; </b></a>
<a href='../nav/nav_0000.xhtml' class='hidden_a'>
E<b>980</b> C<b>778</b> K<b>778</b> S<b>457</b>
</a>
 <a href='0981.xhtml' class='hidden_a'><b> &gt; </b></a>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>1</b> Throughout the whole of Holy Writ</div>
<div class='line'>The saints in type are manifest</div>
<div class='line'>As like a bride, God's heart to please,</div>
<div class='line'>And as a building for His rest.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>2</b> The types and figures of the Church</div>
<div class='line'>In the Old Testament are these:</div>
<div class='line'>A building meet for life and rule,</div>
<div class='line'>A bride the man to match and please.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>3</b> God's people in the ancient times</div>
<div class='line'>Were called by God His very spouse;</div>
<div class='line'>Among them and with them were built</div>
<div class='line'>God's ruling city and God's house.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>4</b> Incarnate God, the God-man, Christ,</div>
<div class='line'>As Bridegroom for the Bride has come;</div>
<div class='line'>With His own life He quickened her,</div>
<div class='line'>That she His counterpart become.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>5</b> In resurrection Christ doth now,</div>
<div class='line'>As David's Son, God's temple build,</div>
<div class='line'>That God may have a resting place</div>
<div class='line'>And there accomplish all He willed.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>6</b> The Church is thus the Bride of Christ,</div>
<div class='line'>In whom His full delight doth rest;</div>
<div class='line'>It is a dwelling place to God</div>
<div class='line'>Where He may live and be expressed.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>7</b> The new Jerusalem will be</div>
<div class='line'>The full perfection ultimate</div>
<div class='line'>Of all the types of house and bride,</div>
<div class='line'>Th' eternal plan to consummate.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>8</b> It is the Bride which matches Christ,</div>
<div class='line'>Thru whom He may Himself express;</div>
<div class='line'>It is God's tabernacle too</div>
<div class='line'>In which our God can rule and rest.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>9</b> The ultimate completion 'tis</div>
<div class='line'>Of God's work in humanity,</div>
<div class='line'>His full expression glorious</div>
<div class='line'>Thru His redeemed eternally.</div>
</div>
<div style='height:40px'></div>
</body></html>
