<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=UTF-8"/>
<title>Hymn 0981</title>
<link href='../stylesheet.css' rel='stylesheet' type='text/css'/>
</head>
<body>
<div style='text-align:center'>
<a href='0980.xhtml' class='hidden_a'><b> &lt; </b></a>
<a href='../nav/nav_0000.xhtml' class='hidden_a'>
E<b>981</b> C<b>779</b> K<b>779</b> S<b>458</b>
</a>
 <a href='0982.xhtml' class='hidden_a'><b> &gt; </b></a>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>1</b> In His Christ to head up all things</div>
<div class='line'>Is our God's economy;</div>
<div class='line'>Taking Christ as Head and Center,</div>
<div class='line'>All is one in harmony.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>2</b> Christ as Head will be the Center;</div>
<div class='line'>God within will be the Light;</div>
<div class='line'>Christ enthroned, with God, His substance,</div>
<div class='line'>Will fulfill His heart's delight.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>3</b> Christ as life will be the content,</div>
<div class='line'>Heading up all things in light;</div>
<div class='line'>All the saints will be the vessel,</div>
<div class='line'>To express His glory bright.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>4</b> Satan hath himself injected</div>
<div class='line'>Into man all things to spoil,</div>
<div class='line'>Bringing darkness and corruption</div>
<div class='line'>God's eternal plan to foil.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>5</b> Christ has come, Himself imparting</div>
<div class='line'>Into man as life to save,</div>
<div class='line'>That the pow'r of death and darkness</div>
<div class='line'>May no more all things enslave.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>6</b> Thru the Church which is His Body</div>
<div class='line'>Christ as Head will sum up all;</div>
<div class='line'>All will fitly join together,</div>
<div class='line'>All things either great or small.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>7</b> Under Christ, by His full headship,</div>
<div class='line'>All in union will subsist;</div>
<div class='line'>In the light the Church expresses</div>
<div class='line'>All in oneness will exist.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>8</b> Owning Christ as Head and Center,</div>
<div class='line'>All will be in harmony;</div>
<div class='line'>Thru the shining of His Body</div>
<div class='line'>All will share His liberty.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>9</b> No more darkness and corruption,</div>
<div class='line'>No more death and vanity;</div>
<div class='line'>All will be released from bondage</div>
<div class='line'>Throughout all eternity.</div>
</div>
<div style='height:40px'></div>
</body></html>
