<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=UTF-8"/>
<title>Hymn 1024</title>
<link href='../stylesheet.css' rel='stylesheet' type='text/css'/>
</head>
<body>
<div style='text-align:center'>
<a href='1023.xhtml' class='hidden_a'><b> &lt; </b></a>
<a href='../nav/nav_0000.xhtml' class='hidden_a'>
E<b>1024</b> C<b>723</b> K<b>723</b> S<b>476</b>
</a>
 <a href='1025.xhtml' class='hidden_a'><b> &gt; </b></a>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>1</b> Christ the Savior is just the One you need,</div>
<div class='line'>He's God incarnate, as a man indeed;</div>
<div class='line'>In His body He suffered every pain</div>
<div class='line'>And died to cleanse your every stain,</div>
<div class='line'>So you need Jesus!</div>
</div>
<div class='chorus'>
<div class='line'>You need Jesus! You need Jesus!</div>
<div class='line'>Men and women all need Him!</div>
<div class='line'>For redemption you need Him,</div>
<div class='line'>For salvation you need Him!</div>
<div class='line'>And for everlasting life,</div>
<div class='line'>Yes, you need Jesus!</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>2</b> He has risen and gone up into heav'n,</div>
<div class='line'>That life eternal might be fully giv'n;</div>
<div class='line'>Just receive Him, believing in your heart,</div>
<div class='line'>Then all you need He will impart,</div>
<div class='line'>So you need Jesus!</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>3</b> He'll enlighten your darkened heart with light,</div>
<div class='line'>Forgive your sins and rescue you with might;</div>
<div class='line'>He will cleanse you from all stains with His blood,</div>
<div class='line'>And give to you the life of God,</div>
<div class='line'>So you need Jesus!</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>4</b> In your living there is a lack you sense,</div>
<div class='line'>And thru the years it grows the more intense;</div>
<div class='line'>Only Jesus this need can satisfy;</div>
<div class='line'>All vanity He will defy,</div>
<div class='line'>So you need Jesus!</div>
</div>
<div class='chorus'>
<div class='line'>You need Jesus! You need Jesus!</div>
<div class='line'>Men and women all need Him!</div>
<div class='line'>To escape from vanity,</div>
<div class='line'>To obtain reality,</div>
<div class='line'>To make life significant,</div>
<div class='line'>Yes, you need Jesus!</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>5</b> All this world now is rife with toil and pain,</div>
<div class='line'>In troubled times there's nothing to sustain;</div>
<div class='line'>All is empty, on what can you rely?</div>
<div class='line'>All things reveal and testify,</div>
<div class='line'>That you need Jesus!</div>
</div>
<div style='height:40px'></div>
</body></html>
