<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=UTF-8"/>
<title>Hymn 1030</title>
<link href='../stylesheet.css' rel='stylesheet' type='text/css'/>
</head>
<body>
<div style='text-align:center'>
<a href='1029.xhtml' class='hidden_a'><b> &lt; </b></a>
<a href='../nav/nav_0000.xhtml' class='hidden_a'>
E<b>1030</b> C<b>707</b> K<b>707</b> S<b>-</b>
</a>
 <a href='1031.xhtml' class='hidden_a'><b> &gt; </b></a>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>1</b> I hear my risen Savior say:</div>
<div class='line'>"Follow me, follow me, follow me";</div>
<div class='line'>His voice is calling all the day,</div>
<div class='line'>"Follow me, follow me, follow me;</div>
<div class='line'>For thee I trod the bitter way,</div>
<div class='line'>For thee I gave my life away,</div>
<div class='line'>And drank the gall thy debt to pay,</div>
<div class='line'>Follow me, follow me, follow me."</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>2</b> "I know thy life of guilt and pain;</div>
<div class='line'>Follow me, follow me, follow me!</div>
<div class='line'>I know each ache of heart and brain;</div>
<div class='line'>Follow me, follow me, follow me!</div>
<div class='line'>How often I have called in vain,</div>
<div class='line'>And offered pardon in my name,</div>
<div class='line'>And now I plead yet once again!</div>
<div class='line'>Follow me, follow me, follow me!"</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>3</b> "Though thou hast sinned I'll pardon thee;</div>
<div class='line'>Follow me, follow me, follow me!</div>
<div class='line'>From every sin I'll set thee free;</div>
<div class='line'>Follow me, follow me, follow me!</div>
<div class='line'>In all thy changing life I'll be</div>
<div class='line'>Thy God, thy guide on land and sea,</div>
<div class='line'>Thy bliss through all eternity,</div>
<div class='line'>Follow me, follow me, follow me!"</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>4</b> "Come, cast on Me thine every care;</div>
<div class='line'>Follow me, follow me, follow me!</div>
<div class='line'>Thy heavy load I will upbear;</div>
<div class='line'>Follow me, follow me, follow me!</div>
<div class='line'>Come, look to Me - dismiss thy fears;</div>
<div class='line'>And trust Me through eternal years;</div>
<div class='line'>My hand shall wipe away thy tears;</div>
<div class='line'>Follow me, follow me, follow me!"</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>5</b> Dear Lord, I yield to Thee my will;</div>
<div class='line'>I'll follow Thee, follow thee, follow thee!</div>
<div class='line'>Oh, bid my struggling soul be still;</div>
<div class='line'>I'll follow Thee, follow Thee, follow Thee!</div>
<div class='line'>Lord, cleanse me, with Thy Spirit fill,</div>
<div class='line'>And keep me safe from every ill;</div>
<div class='line'>And all Thy Word in me fulfill;</div>
<div class='line'>I'll follow Thee, follow Thee, follow Thee!</div>
</div>
<div style='height:40px'></div>
</body></html>
