<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=UTF-8"/>
<title>Hymn 1032</title>
<link href='../stylesheet.css' rel='stylesheet' type='text/css'/>
</head>
<body>
<div style='text-align:center'>
<a href='1031.xhtml' class='hidden_a'><b> &lt; </b></a>
<a href='../nav/nav_0000.xhtml' class='hidden_a'>
E<b>1032</b> C<b>721</b> K<b>721</b> S<b>-</b>
</a>
 <a href='1033.xhtml' class='hidden_a'><b> &gt; </b></a>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>1</b> Come, ye sinners, poor and wretched,</div>
<div class='line'>Weak and wounded, sick and sore;</div>
<div class='line'>Jesus ready waits to save you,</div>
<div class='line'>Full of pity, love and pow'r:</div>
<div class='line'>He is able, He is able,</div>
<div class='line'>He is willing, doubt no more.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>2</b> Come, ye needy, come and welcome;</div>
<div class='line'>God's free bounty glorify;</div>
<div class='line'>True belief and true repentance,</div>
<div class='line'>Every grace that brings us nigh,</div>
<div class='line'>Without money, without money,</div>
<div class='line'>Come to Jesus Christ and buy.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>3</b> Let not conscience make you linger,</div>
<div class='line'>Nor of fitness fondly dream;</div>
<div class='line'>All the fitness He requireth</div>
<div class='line'>Is to feel your need of Him:</div>
<div class='line'>This He gives you, this He gives you,</div>
<div class='line'>'Tis the Spirit's rising beam.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>4</b> Come, ye weary, heavy laden,</div>
<div class='line'>Lost and ruined by the fall;</div>
<div class='line'>If you tarry till you're better,</div>
<div class='line'>You will never come at all:</div>
<div class='line'>Not the righteous, not the righteous,</div>
<div class='line'>Sinners Jesus came to call.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>5</b> Agonizing in the garden,</div>
<div class='line'>Your Redeemer prostrate lies;</div>
<div class='line'>On the bloody tree behold Him!</div>
<div class='line'>Hear Him cry, before He dies,</div>
<div class='line'>"It is finished!" "It is finished!"</div>
<div class='line'>Sinner, will not this suffice?</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>6</b> Lo! th' incarnate God, ascended,</div>
<div class='line'>Pleads the merit of His blood;</div>
<div class='line'>Venture on Him, venture wholly;</div>
<div class='line'>Let no other trust intrude:</div>
<div class='line'>None but Jesus, none but Jesus,</div>
<div class='line'>Can do helpless sinners good.</div>
</div>
<div style='height:40px'></div>
</body></html>
