<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=UTF-8"/>
<title>Hymn 1068</title>
<link href='../stylesheet.css' rel='stylesheet' type='text/css'/>
</head>
<body>
<div style='text-align:center'>
<a href='1067.xhtml' class='hidden_a'><b> &lt; </b></a>
<a href='../nav/nav_0000.xhtml' class='hidden_a'>
E<b>1068</b> C<b>737</b> K<b>737</b> S<b>489</b>
</a>
 <a href='1069.xhtml' class='hidden_a'><b> &gt; </b></a>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>1</b> In tenderness He sought me,</div>
<div class='line'>Weary and sick with sin,</div>
<div class='line'>And on His shoulders brought me</div>
<div class='line'>Into His flock again.</div>
<div class='line'>While angels in His presence sang</div>
<div class='line'>Until the courts of heaven rang.</div>
</div>
<div class='chorus'>
<div class='line'>Oh, the love that sought me!</div>
<div class='line'>Oh, the blood that bought me!</div>
<div class='line'>Oh, the grace that brought me to the flock,</div>
<div class='line'>Wondrous grace that brought me to the flock!</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>2</b> He washed the bleeding sin-wounds,</div>
<div class='line'>And poured in oil and wine;</div>
<div class='line'>He whispered to assure me,</div>
<div class='line'>"I've found thee, thou art Mine:"</div>
<div class='line'>I never heard a sweeter voice,</div>
<div class='line'>It made my aching heart rejoice.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>3</b> He pointed to the nail-prints,</div>
<div class='line'>For me His blood was shed;</div>
<div class='line'>A mocking crown so thorny,</div>
<div class='line'>Was placed upon His head:</div>
<div class='line'>I wondered what He saw in me,</div>
<div class='line'>To suffer such a deep agony.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>4</b> I'm sitting in His presence,</div>
<div class='line'>The sunshine of His face,</div>
<div class='line'>While with adoring wonder</div>
<div class='line'>His blessings I retrace.</div>
<div class='line'>It seems as if eternal days</div>
<div class='line'>Are far too short to sound His praise.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>5</b> So while the hours are passing,</div>
<div class='line'>All now is perfect rest;</div>
<div class='line'>I'm waiting for the morning,</div>
<div class='line'>The brightest and the best,</div>
<div class='line'>When He will call us to His side,</div>
<div class='line'>To be with Him, His spotless Bride.</div>
</div>
<div style='height:40px'></div>
</body></html>
