<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=UTF-8"/>
<title>Hymn 1076</title>
<link href='../stylesheet.css' rel='stylesheet' type='text/css'/>
</head>
<body>
<div style='text-align:center'>
<a href='1075.xhtml' class='hidden_a'><b> &lt; </b></a>
<a href='../nav/nav_0000.xhtml' class='hidden_a'>
E<b>1076</b> C<b>-</b> K<b>-</b> S<b>-</b>
</a>
 <a href='1077.xhtml' class='hidden_a'><b> &gt; </b></a>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>1</b> O teach me what it meaneth:</div>
<div class='line'>That Cross uplifted high,</div>
<div class='line'>With One, the Man of Sorrows,</div>
<div class='line'>Condemned to bleed and die.</div>
<div class='line'>O teach me what it cost Thee</div>
<div class='line'>To make a sinner whole;</div>
<div class='line'>And teach me, Savior, teach me</div>
<div class='line'>The value of a soul.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>2</b> O teach me what it meaneth:</div>
<div class='line'>That sacred crimson tide,</div>
<div class='line'>The blood and water flowing</div>
<div class='line'>From Thine own wounded side.</div>
<div class='line'>Teach me that if none other</div>
<div class='line'>Had sinned but only I,</div>
<div class='line'>Yet still, O blessed Savior,</div>
<div class='line'>Thou on the cross must die.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>3</b> O teach me what it meaneth:</div>
<div class='line'>Thy love beyond compare,</div>
<div class='line'>The love that reacheth deeper</div>
<div class='line'>Than depths of self-despair!</div>
<div class='line'>Yea, teach me, till there gloweth</div>
<div class='line'>In this cold heart of mine</div>
<div class='line'>Some feeble, pale reflection</div>
<div class='line'>Of that pure love of Thine.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>4</b> O teach me what it meaneth,</div>
<div class='line'>For I am full of sin;</div>
<div class='line'>And grace alone can reach me,</div>
<div class='line'>And love alone can win.</div>
<div class='line'>O teach me, for I need Thee,</div>
<div class='line'>I have no hope beside,</div>
<div class='line'>The chief of all the sinners</div>
<div class='line'>For whom the Savior died.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>5</b> O teach me what it meaneth:</div>
<div class='line'>The rest which Thou dost give</div>
<div class='line'>To all the heavy-laden</div>
<div class='line'>Who look to Thee and live.</div>
<div class='line'>Because I am a rebel</div>
<div class='line'>Thy pardon I receive:</div>
<div class='line'>Because Thou dost command me,</div>
<div class='line'>I can, I do believe.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>6</b> O infinite Redeemer,</div>
<div class='line'>I bring no other plea;</div>
<div class='line'>Because Thou dost invite me</div>
<div class='line'>I cast myself on Thee.</div>
<div class='line'>Because Thou dost accept me</div>
<div class='line'>I love and I adore;</div>
<div class='line'>Because Thy love constraineth,</div>
<div class='line'>I'll praise Thee evermore.</div>
</div>
<div style='height:40px'></div>
</body></html>
