<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=UTF-8"/>
<title>Hymn 1078</title>
<link href='../stylesheet.css' rel='stylesheet' type='text/css'/>
</head>
<body>
<div style='text-align:center'>
<a href='1077.xhtml' class='hidden_a'><b> &lt; </b></a>
<a href='../nav/nav_0000.xhtml' class='hidden_a'>
E<b>1078</b> C<b>-</b> K<b>-</b> S<b>-</b>
</a>
 <a href='1079.xhtml' class='hidden_a'><b> &gt; </b></a>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>1</b> One sat alone beside the highway begging,</div>
<div class='line'>His eyes were blind, the light he could not see;</div>
<div class='line'>He clutched his rags and shivered in the shadows,</div>
<div class='line'>Then Jesus came and bade his darkness flee.</div>
</div>
<div class='chorus'>
<div class='line'>When Jesus comes the tempter's pow'r is broken;</div>
<div class='line'>When Jesus comes the tears are wiped away.</div>
<div class='line'>He takes the gloom and fills the life with glory,</div>
<div class='line'>For all is changed when Jesus comes to stay.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>2</b> From home and friends the evil spirits drove him,</div>
<div class='line'>Among the tombs he dwelt in misery;</div>
<div class='line'>He cut himself as demon pow'rs possessed him,</div>
<div class='line'>Then Jesus came and set the captive free.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>3</b> "Unclean! Unclean!" the leper cried in torment,</div>
<div class='line'>The deaf, the dumb, in helplessness stood near;</div>
<div class='line'>The fever raged, disease had gripped its victim,</div>
<div class='line'>Then Jesus came and cast out every fear.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>4</b> Their hearts were sad as in the tomb they laid him,</div>
<div class='line'>For death had come and taken him away;</div>
<div class='line'>Their night was dark and bitter tears were falling,</div>
<div class='line'>Then Jesus came and night was turned to day.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>5</b> So men today have found the Savior able,</div>
<div class='line'>They could not conquer passion, lust and sin;</div>
<div class='line'>Their broken hearts had left them sad and lonely,</div>
<div class='line'>Then Jesus came and dwelt, Himself, within.</div>
</div>
<div style='height:40px'></div>
</body></html>
