<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=UTF-8"/>
<title>Hymn 1079</title>
<link href='../stylesheet.css' rel='stylesheet' type='text/css'/>
</head>
<body>
<div style='text-align:center'>
<a href='1078.xhtml' class='hidden_a'><b> &lt; </b></a>
<a href='../nav/nav_0000.xhtml' class='hidden_a'>
E<b>1079</b> C<b>700</b> K<b>700</b> S<b>-</b>
</a>
 <a href='1080.xhtml' class='hidden_a'><b> &gt; </b></a>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>1</b> If I gained the world, but lost the Savior,</div>
<div class='line'>Were my life worth living for a day?</div>
<div class='line'>Could my yearning heart find rest and comfort</div>
<div class='line'>In the things that soon must pass away?</div>
<div class='line'>If I gained the world, but lost the Savior,</div>
<div class='line'>Would my gain be worth the lifelong strife?</div>
<div class='line'>Are all earthly pleasures worth comparing</div>
<div class='line'>For a moment with a Christ-filled life?</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>2</b> Had I wealth and love in fullest measure,</div>
<div class='line'>And a name revered both far and near,</div>
<div class='line'>Yet no hope beyond, no harbor waiting,</div>
<div class='line'>Where my storm-tossed vessel I could steer;</div>
<div class='line'>If I gained the world, but lost the Savior,</div>
<div class='line'>Who endured the cross and died for me,</div>
<div class='line'>Could then all the world afford a refuge,</div>
<div class='line'>Whither, in my anguish, I might flee?</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>3</b> O what emptiness! - without the Savior</div>
<div class='line'>'Mid the sins and sorrows here below!</div>
<div class='line'>And eternity, how dark without Him!</div>
<div class='line'>Only night and tears and endless woe!</div>
<div class='line'>What, though I might live without the Savior,</div>
<div class='line'>When I come to die, how would it be?</div>
<div class='line'>O to face the valley's gloom without Him!</div>
<div class='line'>And without Him all eternity!</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>4</b> O the joy of having all in Jesus!</div>
<div class='line'>What a balm the broken heart to heal!</div>
<div class='line'>Ne'er a sin so great, but He'll forgive it,</div>
<div class='line'>Nor a sorrow that He does not feel!</div>
<div class='line'>If I have but Jesus, only Jesus,</div>
<div class='line'>Nothing else in all the world beside -</div>
<div class='line'>O then everything is mine in Jesus;</div>
<div class='line'>For my needs and more He will provide.</div>
</div>
<div style='height:40px'></div>
</body></html>
