<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=UTF-8"/>
<title>Hymn 1082</title>
<link href='../stylesheet.css' rel='stylesheet' type='text/css'/>
</head>
<body>
<div style='text-align:center'>
<a href='1081.xhtml' class='hidden_a'><b> &lt; </b></a>
<a href='../nav/nav_0000.xhtml' class='hidden_a'>
E<b>1082</b> C<b>-</b> K<b>-</b> S<b>-</b>
</a>
 <a href='1083.xhtml' class='hidden_a'><b> &gt; </b></a>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>1</b> The living of Christ when He sojourned on earth,</div>
<div class='line'>The sixteenth Psalm shows us, was wholly of worth.</div>
<div class='line'>His attitudes, choices, and interests all tell</div>
<div class='line'>The man who in God's tabernacle may dwell.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>2</b> "Preserve me, O God, for in Thee I confide" -</div>
<div class='line'>In God He took refuge whate'er did betide.</div>
<div class='line'>"O Thou art my Lord, I've no good beyond Thee" -</div>
<div class='line'>He spoke in Himself unto God constantly.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>3</b> "As for all the saints who are dwelling on earth,"</div>
<div class='line'>To Him they're the people of excellent worth.</div>
<div class='line'>Of them He has said He has all His delight -</div>
<div class='line'>In proving this all the four Gospels unite.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>4</b> "The Lord is my portion, the Lord is my cup" -</div>
<div class='line'>For everything He to the Father looked up.</div>
<div class='line'>"The Lord I will bless who my counsel doth give" -</div>
<div class='line'>Himself He denied and by God's word did live.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>5</b> His heart thus was glad and His spirit rejoiced,</div>
<div class='line'>And e'en in His death praise to God could be voiced;</div>
<div class='line'>His soul God would never abandon to hell,</div>
<div class='line'>But in resurrection His body would dwell.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>6</b> God raised Him, and He with God's glory was crowned;</div>
<div class='line'>Then fulness of joy in God's presence He found.</div>
<div class='line'>E'en now at the Father's right hand is His seat,</div>
<div class='line'>Where flowing forever are pleasures complete.</div>
</div>
<div style='height:40px'></div>
</body></html>
