<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=UTF-8"/>
<title>Hymn 1083</title>
<link href='../stylesheet.css' rel='stylesheet' type='text/css'/>
</head>
<body>
<div style='text-align:center'>
<a href='1082.xhtml' class='hidden_a'><b> &lt; </b></a>
<a href='../nav/nav_0000.xhtml' class='hidden_a'>
E<b>1083</b> C<b>s225</b> K<b>1049</b> S<b>45</b>
</a>
 <a href='1084.xhtml' class='hidden_a'><b> &gt; </b></a>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>1</b> O how nigh the Lord is unto all who call on Him!</div>
<div class='line'>When we call, His very presence strengthens us within.</div>
<div class='line'>Seeking Jesus, He is found, and calling, He is near -</div>
<div class='line'>O what a comfort to our hearts to call His name so dear!</div>
</div>
<div class='chorus'>
<div class='line'>Jesus! O what a name!</div>
<div class='line'>O Lord Jesus! Life-giving name!</div>
<div class='line'>Name victorious, name all-glorious,</div>
<div class='line'>Name exalted - O what a name!</div>
<div class='line'>Jesus! Strengthening name!</div>
<div class='line'>O Lord Jesus! Comforting name!</div>
<div class='line'>Name to breathe in prayer, calling everywhere,</div>
<div class='line'>"O Lord Jesus!" O what a name!</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>2</b> Call upon the name of Jesus, and you will be saved,</div>
<div class='line'>O Lord Jesus, hallelujah, nevermore enslaved!</div>
<div class='line'>We may take salvation's cup by calling on the Lord;</div>
<div class='line'>Salvation from a host of things does His dear name afford.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>3</b> To the Lord, the Jew, the Greek and everyone's the same;</div>
<div class='line'>He is rich unto all men that call upon His name.</div>
<div class='line'>O Lord Jesus, what a joy to call and really live;</div>
<div class='line'>When breathing in Thy name, what pleasure Thou to us dost give.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>4</b> In the God of our salvation we may take delight,</div>
<div class='line'>Calling on His name at all times, though in bliss or blight.</div>
<div class='line'>I will call upon His name as long as I shall live,</div>
<div class='line'>Because He has inclined His ear, and grace so full does give.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>5</b> We will call upon the Lord, who's worthy of our praise;</div>
<div class='line'>Thus our grateful hearts in worship we to Him may raise.</div>
<div class='line'>We are those who call upon His name in every place</div>
<div class='line'>With all the saints who from a pure heart</div>
<div class='line'>call and taste His grace.</div>
</div>
<div style='height:40px'></div>
</body></html>
