<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=UTF-8"/>
<title>Hymn 1091</title>
<link href='../stylesheet.css' rel='stylesheet' type='text/css'/>
</head>
<body>
<div style='text-align:center'>
<a href='1090.xhtml' class='hidden_a'><b> &lt; </b></a>
<a href='../nav/nav_0000.xhtml' class='hidden_a'>
E<b>1091</b> C<b>-</b> K<b>-</b> S<b>-</b>
</a>
 <a href='1092.xhtml' class='hidden_a'><b> &gt; </b></a>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>1</b> We praise Thee, O Lord Jesus, Thou didst come,</div>
<div class='line'>The way into God's presence to reveal.</div>
<div class='line'>We worship Thee that Thou didst leave Thy throne,</div>
<div class='line'>To come as our High Priest with sin to deal.</div>
<div class='line'>Lord Jesus, Thou hast offered Thine own blood,</div>
<div class='line'>And settled once for all our peace with God.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>2</b> Thy blood has now been sprinkled on the throne</div>
<div class='line'>In full redemption for Thy people's sin.</div>
<div class='line'>The sweetness of the love that Thou hast shown</div>
<div class='line'>Has ris'n to fill the holiest place within.</div>
<div class='line'>And by the blood once offered in that place</div>
<div class='line'>God flows to us in mercy and in grace.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>3</b> Yet, Lord, Thou camest not just to atone,</div>
<div class='line'>But Thou didst come and bear our sins away.</div>
<div class='line'>We, with a conscience purged, approach the throne,</div>
<div class='line'>For all our sins were laid on Thee that day.</div>
<div class='line'>Thou, separated from the Father's face,</div>
<div class='line'>Didst pay the awful price for us in grace.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>4</b> The way into God's presence thus is cleared,</div>
<div class='line'>For ransomed sinners who have heard Thy call.</div>
<div class='line'>Thou, Lord, hast taken all that we had feared</div>
<div class='line'>When Thou didst shed Thy blood and give Thine all;</div>
<div class='line'>Our heart in grateful praise to Thee we bind,</div>
<div class='line'>And now our life in Thee alone we find.</div>
</div>
<div style='height:40px'></div>
</body></html>
