<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=UTF-8"/>
<title>Hymn 1093</title>
<link href='../stylesheet.css' rel='stylesheet' type='text/css'/>
</head>
<body>
<div style='text-align:center'>
<a href='1092.xhtml' class='hidden_a'><b> &lt; </b></a>
<a href='../nav/nav_0000.xhtml' class='hidden_a'>
E<b>1093</b> C<b>-</b> K<b>-</b> S<b>-</b>
</a>
 <a href='1094.xhtml' class='hidden_a'><b> &gt; </b></a>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>1</b> Through countless ages, many men</div>
<div class='line'>Have longed and sought and tried to see</div>
<div class='line'>The secret of the universe,</div>
<div class='line'>So vast, so great a mystery.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>2</b> Yet not through struggling could frail man</div>
<div class='line'>The secret of this myst'ry find;</div>
<div class='line'>Nor change, by stumbling, come upon</div>
<div class='line'>Such hidden things - to these he's blind.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>3</b> Behold in heav'n a throne is set,</div>
<div class='line'>And One upon the throne revealed;</div>
<div class='line'>And held in His right hand a scroll -</div>
<div class='line'>The mystery is tightly sealed.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>4</b> Through all the universe, a cry -</div>
<div class='line'>'Can one be found of such great worth</div>
<div class='line'>The scroll to take? ... yet no reply,</div>
<div class='line'>From heav'n, below, or on the earth.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>5</b> Were it a matter now for man</div>
<div class='line'>By chance, or some ability,</div>
<div class='line'>Then surely one would now step forth</div>
<div class='line'>To open God's economy.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>6</b> Yet sad and solemn was that sight.</div>
<div class='line'>John wept as then he looked around;</div>
<div class='line'>And we, too, still might weeping be</div>
<div class='line'>If none at all were worthy found.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>7</b> But then the angel said, 'Weep not!</div>
<div class='line'>Behold, the Lion has prevailed</div>
<div class='line'>To take the scroll and loose its seals;</div>
<div class='line'>He has the mystery now unveiled!'</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>8</b> So, John looked up the Lion to see,</div>
<div class='line'>But, lo, he then beheld a Lamb;</div>
<div class='line'>Christ both o'ercame the enemy,</div>
<div class='line'>And wrought redemption's work for man.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>9</b> The angels fall before His throne,</div>
<div class='line'>Four living creatures offer praise,</div>
<div class='line'>All glory to the Lion-Lamb;</div>
<div class='line'>Let us with theirs our voices raise!</div>
</div>
<div style='height:40px'></div>
</body></html>
