<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=UTF-8"/>
<title>Hymn 1094</title>
<link href='../stylesheet.css' rel='stylesheet' type='text/css'/>
</head>
<body>
<div style='text-align:center'>
<a href='1093.xhtml' class='hidden_a'><b> &lt; </b></a>
<a href='../nav/nav_0000.xhtml' class='hidden_a'>
E<b>1094</b> C<b>s2</b> K<b>-</b> S<b>-</b>
</a>
 <a href='1095.xhtml' class='hidden_a'><b> &gt; </b></a>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>1</b> Lo, the nations all assemble</div>
<div class='line'>And imagine vanity,</div>
<div class='line'>Kings and princes plot together</div>
<div class='line'>'Gainst the Lord in unity.</div>
<div class='line'>"Let us break their bonds asunder,</div>
<div class='line'>Cast away their cords from us."</div>
<div class='line'>'Gainst the Lord and His Anointed</div>
<div class='line'>Worldly rulers counsel thus.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>2</b> He who sitteth in the heavens</div>
<div class='line'>In contempt will laugh at them,</div>
<div class='line'>Vex them in His fierce displeasure,</div>
<div class='line'>Terrifying all such men.</div>
<div class='line'>Yet upon the hill of Zion</div>
<div class='line'>God has His anointed King -</div>
<div class='line'>This is God's own declaration,</div>
<div class='line'>All the kings admonishing.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>3</b> Now 'tis Christ, 'tis God's Anointed,</div>
<div class='line'>Who declares the Lord's decree:</div>
<div class='line'>"Thou'rt my Son (in resurrection),</div>
<div class='line'>This day I've begotten Thee.</div>
<div class='line'>For Thine own inheritance.</div>
<div class='line'>Thou shalt dash them into pieces</div>
<div class='line'>In Thy kingly excellence."</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>4</b> Now be wise, O be instructed,</div>
<div class='line'>All ye rulers of the earth,</div>
<div class='line'>Fear the Lord, rejoice with trembling,</div>
<div class='line'>Serve the only One of worth.</div>
<div class='line'>Kiss the Son, lest He be angry</div>
<div class='line'>And ye perish in the way.</div>
<div class='line'>"All who trust in Him are blessed,"</div>
<div class='line'>All who trust in Him will say.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>5</b> Lord, we praise Thee, we have seen Him -</div>
<div class='line'>Thy unique Anointed One -</div>
<div class='line'>And from vanity repenting,</div>
<div class='line'>We in love have kissed Thy Son.</div>
<div class='line'>"All who trust in Him are blessed" -</div>
<div class='line'>Not "all those who keep the law."</div>
<div class='line'>In that risen One believing,</div>
<div class='line'>We are blest forevermore.</div>
</div>
<div style='height:40px'></div>
</body></html>
