<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=UTF-8"/>
<title>Hymn 1097</title>
<link href='../stylesheet.css' rel='stylesheet' type='text/css'/>
</head>
<body>
<div style='text-align:center'>
<a href='1096.xhtml' class='hidden_a'><b> &lt; </b></a>
<a href='../nav/nav_0000.xhtml' class='hidden_a'>
E<b>1097</b> C<b>s3</b> K<b>781</b> S<b>63</b>
</a>
 <a href='1098.xhtml' class='hidden_a'><b> &gt; </b></a>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>1</b> O Lord, our Lord, how excellent</div>
<div class='line'>Thy name in all the earth!</div>
<div class='line'>Let every people, tribe, and tongue</div>
<div class='line'>Proclaim its boundless worth.</div>
<div class='line'>Out of the mouth of little ones</div>
<div class='line'>Thou hast established praise,</div>
<div class='line'>That Thou may still Thine enemy</div>
<div class='line'>And swiftly end his days.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>2</b> When we the universe behold,</div>
<div class='line'>The work of Thy great hand -</div>
<div class='line'>The sun, the moon, and all the stars</div>
<div class='line'>By lofty wisdom planned;</div>
<div class='line'>O what is man that Thou should'st care</div>
<div class='line'>That Thou should'st mindful be?</div>
<div class='line'>The son of man Thou visitest</div>
<div class='line'>In Thine economy.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>3</b> O Jesus Lord, Thou art that man,</div>
<div class='line'>The One who joined our race,</div>
<div class='line'>Who put upon Himself the flesh</div>
<div class='line'>And took a lower place.</div>
<div class='line'>But now with glory Thou art crowned,</div>
<div class='line'>With sovereignty complete.</div>
<div class='line'>Now through Thy Body Thou dost rule</div>
<div class='line'>With all beneath Thy feet.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>4</b> Thine incarnation, rising too,</div>
<div class='line'>And Thy transcendency,</div>
<div class='line'>Thy Lordship, Headship, kingdom full,</div>
<div class='line'>And Body here we see.</div>
<div class='line'>By all these steps of work divine</div>
<div class='line'>Thou hast established praise.</div>
<div class='line'>With overflowing hearts to Thee</div>
<div class='line'>Our joyful voice we raise.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>5</b> Oh, soon that blessed day shall come -</div>
<div class='line'>All tongues these words shall peal!</div>
<div class='line'>But in the local churches now</div>
<div class='line'>We have a foretaste real.</div>
<div class='line'>O Lord, our Lord, how excellent</div>
<div class='line'>Thy name in all the earth!</div>
<div class='line'>Let every people, tribe, and tongue</div>
<div class='line'>Proclaim its boundless worth.</div>
</div>
<div style='height:40px'></div>
</body></html>
