<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=UTF-8"/>
<title>Hymn 1098</title>
<link href='../stylesheet.css' rel='stylesheet' type='text/css'/>
</head>
<body>
<div style='text-align:center'>
<a href='1097.xhtml' class='hidden_a'><b> &lt; </b></a>
<a href='../nav/nav_0000.xhtml' class='hidden_a'>
E<b>1098</b> C<b>s6</b> K<b>-</b> S<b>64</b>
</a>
 <a href='1099.xhtml' class='hidden_a'><b> &gt; </b></a>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>1</b> Our hearts are overflowing</div>
<div class='line'>To speak a goodly thing -</div>
<div class='line'>To tell what we've experienced</div>
<div class='line'>Of our exalted King.</div>
<div class='line'>Our tongues as pens are ready,</div>
<div class='line'>We've volumes here to "write" -</div>
<div class='line'>The glories of our Bridegroom,</div>
<div class='line'>Our Lord and our delight.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>2</b> Lord Jesus, Thou art fairer</div>
<div class='line'>Than all the sons of men;</div>
<div class='line'>Thy goodness is transcendent -</div>
<div class='line'>Hallelujah! Amen!</div>
<div class='line'>Upon Thy lips most holy</div>
<div class='line'>Abundant grace is poured;</div>
<div class='line'>Forever God has blessed Thee,</div>
<div class='line'>Our gracious, glorious Lord!</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>3</b> Thou art the mighty Warrior</div>
<div class='line'>Who rides to victory;</div>
<div class='line'>In Thy majestic glory</div>
<div class='line'>Ride on triumphantly!</div>
<div class='line'>The peoples fall beneath Thee -</div>
<div class='line'>The conquering One Thou art.</div>
<div class='line'>Thine arrows in their sharpness</div>
<div class='line'>Have entered Satan's heart!</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>4</b> Thy throne, O God, forever</div>
<div class='line'>And ever shall endure;</div>
<div class='line'>The sceptre of Thy kingdom</div>
<div class='line'>Upon the earth is sure.</div>
<div class='line'>'Tis with the oil of gladness</div>
<div class='line'>God has anointed Thee</div>
<div class='line'>Above all Thy companions -</div>
<div class='line'>How worthy there to be!</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>5</b> Of aloes, myrrh, and cassia</div>
<div class='line'>Do all Thy garments smell:</div>
<div class='line'>Thy death and resurrection</div>
<div class='line'>Do all Thy deeds forthtell.</div>
<div class='line'>Out of the local churches</div>
<div class='line'>Shall praises make Thee glad,</div>
<div class='line'>And praises upon praises</div>
<div class='line'>Thy joyful saints shall add.</div>
</div>
<div style='height:40px'></div>
</body></html>
