<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=UTF-8"/>
<title>Hymn 1099</title>
<link href='../stylesheet.css' rel='stylesheet' type='text/css'/>
</head>
<body>
<div style='text-align:center'>
<a href='1098.xhtml' class='hidden_a'><b> &lt; </b></a>
<a href='../nav/nav_0000.xhtml' class='hidden_a'>
E<b>1099</b> C<b>s7</b> K<b>-</b> S<b>-</b>
</a>
 <a href='1100.xhtml' class='hidden_a'><b> &gt; </b></a>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>1</b> The queen in gold of Ophir</div>
<div class='line'>At Thy right hand doth stand;</div>
<div class='line'>King's daughters are the women</div>
<div class='line'>Who fill Thy honored band.</div>
<div class='line'>The church in all her glory</div>
<div class='line'>Shall match her glorious King,</div>
<div class='line'>And all the saints, the women,</div>
<div class='line'>Thy likeness there shall bring.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>2</b> O daughter, now consider,</div>
<div class='line'>E'en now incline thine ear:</div>
<div class='line'>Remember not thy people</div>
<div class='line'>And all thine own things here.</div>
<div class='line'>Thy beauty then shall blossom -</div>
<div class='line'>'Twill be the King's desire;</div>
<div class='line'>For He thy worthy Lord is,</div>
<div class='line'>Thy worship to inspire.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>3</b> The daughter's glorious garments</div>
<div class='line'>Are made of inwrought gold -</div>
<div class='line'>Within the inner palace,</div>
<div class='line'>How wondrous to behold!</div>
<div class='line'>The glory of God's nature</div>
<div class='line'>Is given her to wear,</div>
<div class='line'>That all His holy being</div>
<div class='line'>She may in life declare.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>4</b> In clothing too embroidered</div>
<div class='line'>She'll to the King be led,</div>
<div class='line'>In that fine linen garment</div>
<div class='line'>To be exhibited.</div>
<div class='line'>'Tis by the Spirit's stitching</div>
<div class='line'>That Christ in us is wrought,</div>
<div class='line'>And with this glorious garment</div>
<div class='line'>We'll to the King be brought.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>5</b> What gladness and rejoicing</div>
<div class='line'>When we the King shall see!</div>
<div class='line'>We'll shout His worthy praises</div>
<div class='line'>Through all eternity.</div>
<div class='line'>And though the King we worship</div>
<div class='line'>Or glory in the Queen,</div>
<div class='line'>In all this blest enjoyment</div>
<div class='line'>The glory goes to Him.</div>
</div>
<div style='height:40px'></div>
</body></html>
