<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=UTF-8"/>
<title>Hymn 1100</title>
<link href='../stylesheet.css' rel='stylesheet' type='text/css'/>
</head>
<body>
<div style='text-align:center'>
<a href='1099.xhtml' class='hidden_a'><b> &lt; </b></a>
<a href='../nav/nav_0000.xhtml' class='hidden_a'>
E<b>1100</b> C<b>s9</b> K<b>-</b> S<b>-</b>
</a>
 <a href='1101.xhtml' class='hidden_a'><b> &gt; </b></a>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>1</b> God shall rise, His foes be scattered,</div>
<div class='line'>All that hate Him flee away.</div>
<div class='line'>As the wax before the fire,</div>
<div class='line'>All the wicked He shall slay.</div>
<div class='line'>But the righteous shall rejoice</div>
<div class='line'>With a loud, triumphant voice,</div>
<div class='line'>Singing praises, singing praises,</div>
<div class='line'>Singing praises unto God!</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>2</b> He is riding through the deserts,</div>
<div class='line'>Bringing in His saints in need.</div>
<div class='line'>He's a Father to the orphans</div>
<div class='line'>And a refuge tried indeed</div>
<div class='line'>In His holy habitation -</div>
<div class='line'>What a wonderful salvation!</div>
<div class='line'>Hallelujah, hallelujah,</div>
<div class='line'>Hallelujah, Amen!</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>3</b> Here the lone have found a family,</div>
<div class='line'>Here the desolate a home;</div>
<div class='line'>Prisoners are brought from bondage</div>
<div class='line'>To prosperity unknown.</div>
<div class='line'>For the flock - what wondrous grace -</div>
<div class='line'>God prepared this dwelling place:</div>
<div class='line'>Hallelujah, hallelujah,</div>
<div class='line'>Hallelujah, Amen!</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>4</b> Now the Lord in mighty triumph</div>
<div class='line'>Sends the news of victory;</div>
<div class='line'>We the "women" spread the tidings -</div>
<div class='line'>"Kings of armies flee, they flee!"</div>
<div class='line'>No more sweat and dreary toil;</div>
<div class='line'>We at home divide the spoil!</div>
<div class='line'>Hallelujah, hallelujah,</div>
<div class='line'>Hallelujah, Amen!</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>5</b> Lo, on high Christ hath ascended,</div>
<div class='line'>Leading captives in His train;</div>
<div class='line'>These as gifts He has perfected</div>
<div class='line'>That the Lord may dwell with them.</div>
<div class='line'>Brothers, sisters, we are those,</div>
<div class='line'>We're those transformed, vanquished foes!</div>
<div class='line'>Hallelujah, hallelujah,</div>
<div class='line'>Hallelujah, Amen!</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>6</b> Blessed be the Lord forever:</div>
<div class='line'>Day by day He loads with good,</div>
<div class='line'>E'en the God of our salvation -</div>
<div class='line'>Spread His worthy praise abroad.</div>
<div class='line'>His the goings forth from death,</div>
<div class='line'>Every foe He conquereth!</div>
<div class='line'>Hallelujah, hallelujah,</div>
<div class='line'>Hallelujah, Amen!</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>7</b> They have seen, O God, Thy goings</div>
<div class='line'>In Thy holy dwelling place,</div>
<div class='line'>Thy triumphal, high processions</div>
<div class='line'>Midst a mighty voice of praise.</div>
<div class='line'>See the singers go before,</div>
<div class='line'>Praising, praising o'er and o'er:</div>
<div class='line'>Hallelujah, hallelujah,</div>
<div class='line'>Hallelujah! Amen!</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>8</b> Little Benjamin is leading,</div>
<div class='line'>Then great Judah's company:</div>
<div class='line'>Son of sorrow at God's right hand,</div>
<div class='line'>Lion with the scepter see.</div>
<div class='line'>Zebulun and Naphtali</div>
<div class='line'>Make the joyful tidings fly:</div>
<div class='line'>Hallelujah, hallelujah,</div>
<div class='line'>Hallelujah! Amen!</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>9</b> Saints, thy strength has been commanded</div>
<div class='line'>From the temple glorious;</div>
<div class='line'>Still we pray that God may strengthen</div>
<div class='line'>All that He has wrought for us.</div>
<div class='line'>Higher yet our praises shall rise</div>
<div class='line'>Till the utmost earth replies:</div>
<div class='line'>Hallelujah, hallelujah,</div>
<div class='line'>Hallelujah! Amen!</div>
</div>
<div style='height:40px'></div>
</body></html>
