<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=UTF-8"/>
<title>Hymn 1102</title>
<link href='../stylesheet.css' rel='stylesheet' type='text/css'/>
</head>
<body>
<div style='text-align:center'>
<a href='1101.xhtml' class='hidden_a'><b> &lt; </b></a>
<a href='../nav/nav_0000.xhtml' class='hidden_a'>
E<b>1102</b> C<b>-</b> K<b>-</b> S<b>-</b>
</a>
 <a href='1103.xhtml' class='hidden_a'><b> &gt; </b></a>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>1</b> The Lord said unto my Lord,</div>
<div class='line'>"Sit Thou at My right hand;</div>
<div class='line'>Thy foes shall be Thy footstool,</div>
<div class='line'>Upon them Thou shalt stand."</div>
<div class='line'>The sceptre of Thy strength shall</div>
<div class='line'>The Lord from Zion send</div>
<div class='line'>To rule o'er all the nations</div>
<div class='line'>Forever 'til the end.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>2</b> A voluntary offering,</div>
<div class='line'>The young ones are to Thee;</div>
<div class='line'>In consecration's splendor</div>
<div class='line'>How beautiful to see!</div>
<div class='line'>For as the dew of morning</div>
<div class='line'>Refreshes all the land -</div>
<div class='line'>The young ones given to Thee</div>
<div class='line'>Are precious in Thy hand.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>3</b> The Lord hath sworn forever</div>
<div class='line'>And never will turn back,</div>
<div class='line'>"Thou art a priest forever,</div>
<div class='line'>As was Melchizedek."</div>
<div class='line'>Oh, Thou hast no beginning</div>
<div class='line'>Of days; of life: no end!</div>
<div class='line'>And on Thine intercession</div>
<div class='line'>We ever do depend.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>4</b> The Lord is at Thy right hand</div>
<div class='line'>And in His day of wrath</div>
<div class='line'>He'll strike through rulers, judging</div>
<div class='line'>The nations in His path.</div>
<div class='line'>While riding on to triumph</div>
<div class='line'>He'll drink of us, the stream,</div>
<div class='line'>His head uplifted, strengthened,</div>
<div class='line'>The whole earth to redeem.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>5</b> Oh Lord, Thou art ascended</div>
<div class='line'>To God's right hand to sit;</div>
<div class='line'>As Head o'er all things, to Thee</div>
<div class='line'>God doth Thy foes commit.</div>
<div class='line'>Our King - for us Thou reignest,</div>
<div class='line'>Our Priest - we are supplied,</div>
<div class='line'>Our all we give unto Thee,</div>
<div class='line'>Thou Conqueror glorified.</div>
</div>
<div style='height:40px'></div>
</body></html>
