<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=UTF-8"/>
<title>Hymn 1103</title>
<link href='../stylesheet.css' rel='stylesheet' type='text/css'/>
</head>
<body>
<div style='text-align:center'>
<a href='1102.xhtml' class='hidden_a'><b> &lt; </b></a>
<a href='../nav/nav_0000.xhtml' class='hidden_a'>
E<b>1103</b> C<b>-</b> K<b>-</b> S<b>92</b>
</a>
 <a href='1104.xhtml' class='hidden_a'><b> &gt; </b></a>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>1</b> What He is: He's the Father.</div>
<div class='line'>He's the everlasting Father.</div>
<div class='line'>He's the firstborn of creation.</div>
<div class='line'>He's the One who lives inside of me.</div>
<div class='line'>He's the Father! Wonderful!</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>2</b> What He is: He's the river.</div>
<div class='line'>He is the mighty flowing river.</div>
<div class='line'>He waters me in a desert land.</div>
<div class='line'>He's my hiding place; He is our man.</div>
<div class='line'>He's the river! Wonderful!</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>3</b> What He is: He's the vine tree.</div>
<div class='line'>He's the branch, the root of Jesse.</div>
<div class='line'>He's the tree of life: we have the right</div>
<div class='line'>To eat of Him and have His life.</div>
<div class='line'>He's the vine tree! Wonderful!</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>4</b> What He is: He's the Shepherd.</div>
<div class='line'>He's the lamb of God, the he-goat.</div>
<div class='line'>We rest and feed in the pasture land.</div>
<div class='line'>We strike the blood and eat the lamb.</div>
<div class='line'>He's the Shepherd! Wonderful!</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>5</b> What He is: He's the Spirit.</div>
<div class='line'>He's the all-inclusive Spirit.</div>
<div class='line'>He's our everything; He's our all in all.</div>
<div class='line'>He gives life to us whene'er we call.</div>
<div class='line'>He's the Spirit! Wonderful!</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>6</b> What He is: He's a Person.</div>
<div class='line'>He's a real and living Person.</div>
<div class='line'>He is living now inside of us.</div>
<div class='line'>This Person is so glorious.</div>
<div class='line'>He's a Person! Wonderful!</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>7</b> What He is: He's the Body;</div>
<div class='line'>He's the fulness of the Godhead;</div>
<div class='line'>He's the center of the Father's plan,</div>
<div class='line'>Christ and the church, the one new man.</div>
<div class='line'>He is wonderful, wonderful.</div>
<div class='line'>He is wonderful, wonderful.</div>
<div class='line'>He is wonderful, wonderful.</div>
</div>
<div style='height:40px'></div>
</body></html>
