<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=UTF-8"/>
<title>Hymn 1104</title>
<link href='../stylesheet.css' rel='stylesheet' type='text/css'/>
</head>
<body>
<div style='text-align:center'>
<a href='1103.xhtml' class='hidden_a'><b> &lt; </b></a>
<a href='../nav/nav_0000.xhtml' class='hidden_a'>
E<b>1104</b> C<b>-</b> K<b>1054</b> S<b>109</b>
</a>
 <a href='1105.xhtml' class='hidden_a'><b> &gt; </b></a>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>1</b> Lord, Thou art our peace offering;</div>
<div class='line'>We lay our hands on Thee.</div>
<div class='line'>We're one with Thee, Lord Jesus,</div>
<div class='line'>In fact and practically.</div>
<div class='line'>Here in the tent of meeting</div>
<div class='line'>We offer Thee to God</div>
<div class='line'>And with the Father feasting</div>
<div class='line'>Enjoy Thee as our food.</div>
</div>
<div class='chorus'>
<div class='line'>Christ is our peace! Christ is our peace!</div>
<div class='line'>We praise Thee, blessed Lord!</div>
<div class='line'>Our peace with God, our peace with man</div>
<div class='line'>Have fully been restored.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>2</b> O what a peace it gives us</div>
<div class='line'>To see the sprinkled blood.</div>
<div class='line'>The blood of our peace offering</div>
<div class='line'>Has brought us peace with God.</div>
<div class='line'>With boldness we're proclaiming -</div>
<div class='line'>Now hear this, enemy -</div>
<div class='line'>"Peace by the blood of Jesus!"</div>
<div class='line'>This is our victory.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>3</b> Based on the burnt oblation</div>
<div class='line'>And the meal offering too,</div>
<div class='line'>We now may offer Jesus</div>
<div class='line'>As our peace offering true.</div>
<div class='line'>The more we eat and drink Him</div>
<div class='line'>In His humanity,</div>
<div class='line'>The more we may enjoy Him</div>
<div class='line'>While feasting corporately.</div>
</div>
<div class='chorus'>
<div class='line'>What fellowship, what fellowship</div>
<div class='line'>With God and man we share!</div>
<div class='line'>O what a joy, O what a feast</div>
<div class='line'>With all God's people here.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>4</b> Here God enjoys His portion -</div>
<div class='line'>'Tis inward, hidden, sweet -</div>
<div class='line'>And all the priestly family</div>
<div class='line'>May here the wave breast eat.</div>
<div class='line'>The offering priest - how precious -</div>
<div class='line'>May of the best partake:</div>
<div class='line'>He gets the right heave shoulder</div>
<div class='line'>And one unleavened cake.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>5</b> How sweet to eat the wave breast,</div>
<div class='line'>The all-embracing love</div>
<div class='line'>Of Christ in resurrection!</div>
<div class='line'>It sets us all above.</div>
<div class='line'>What strength to eat the shoulder</div>
<div class='line'>Of the ascended One</div>
<div class='line'>And with the cake be nourished</div>
<div class='line'>To walk as He has done.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>6</b> With all the cleansed ones feasting,</div>
<div class='line'>How rich the Christ we eat!</div>
<div class='line'>Oh, this is true communion,</div>
<div class='line'>The only way to meet.</div>
<div class='line'>We bring our full thanksgiving</div>
<div class='line'>And e'en would make a vow -</div>
<div class='line'>We're for the Lord's recovery</div>
<div class='line'>As He is for us now.</div>
</div>
<div style='height:40px'></div>
</body></html>
