<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=UTF-8"/>
<title>Hymn 1109</title>
<link href='../stylesheet.css' rel='stylesheet' type='text/css'/>
</head>
<body>
<div style='text-align:center'>
<a href='1108.xhtml' class='hidden_a'><b> &lt; </b></a>
<a href='../nav/nav_0000.xhtml' class='hidden_a'>
E<b>1109</b> C<b>-</b> K<b>-</b> S<b>-</b>
</a>
 <a href='1110.xhtml' class='hidden_a'><b> &gt; </b></a>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>1</b> Take, drink this cup, His blood,</div>
<div class='line'>Redemption of our God.</div>
<div class='line'>The peace which Christ has made,</div>
<div class='line'>Is in this cup displayed.</div>
<div class='line'>We fellowship now with the Son:</div>
<div class='line'>On Calvary the work was done:</div>
<div class='line'>The way is clear, now all can come!</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>2</b> Take, drink this cup, each one,</div>
<div class='line'>His death show till He come.</div>
<div class='line'>Eat, drink, display this feast:</div>
<div class='line'>God in the Lamb released!</div>
<div class='line'>Around the table, sup and dine;</div>
<div class='line'>We eat the bread and drink the wine.</div>
<div class='line'>All blessing in this cup we find.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>3</b> No blood of cow or goat</div>
<div class='line'>Could give us any hope.</div>
<div class='line'>Our sins would all remain</div>
<div class='line'>Still year by year the same.</div>
<div class='line'>A God-man, sinless, He must find -</div>
<div class='line'>No other offering of His kind,</div>
<div class='line'>A spotless lamb for all mankind.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>4</b> Come! Now enjoy His blood.</div>
<div class='line'>What access this to God!</div>
<div class='line'>Here wondrous cleansing power</div>
<div class='line'>Flows to us, hour by hour.</div>
<div class='line'>One sacrifice for all was made,</div>
<div class='line'>And peace our conscience does pervade.</div>
<div class='line'>Redemption's price is fully paid!</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>5</b> Redeemer! Savior! King!</div>
<div class='line'>Of Thy dear blood we sing,</div>
<div class='line'>For in it now we see</div>
<div class='line'>Thy mercy, boundless, free.</div>
<div class='line'>This cup, our portion blessed of God,</div>
<div class='line'>Is of the cov'nant in Thy blood -</div>
<div class='line'>Dear, precious, precious, priceless blood!</div>
</div>
<div style='height:40px'></div>
</body></html>
