<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=UTF-8"/>
<title>Hymn 1124</title>
<link href='../stylesheet.css' rel='stylesheet' type='text/css'/>
</head>
<body>
<div style='text-align:center'>
<a href='1123.xhtml' class='hidden_a'><b> &lt; </b></a>
<a href='../nav/nav_0000.xhtml' class='hidden_a'>
E<b>1124</b> C<b>-</b> K<b>-</b> S<b>-</b>
</a>
 <a href='1125.xhtml' class='hidden_a'><b> &gt; </b></a>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>1</b> What! Not sing of blood divine?</div>
<div class='line'>What! Not tell to all mankind?</div>
<div class='line'>What! Not speak to hearts unclean</div>
<div class='line'>Of the precious living stream.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>2</b> By this blood, God's life released,</div>
<div class='line'>Blood surpassing any beast's;</div>
<div class='line'>Perfect, spotless Lamb of God,</div>
<div class='line'>Incorruptible His blood.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>3</b> Voice it has, this holy blood;</div>
<div class='line'>Pow'r possessed to speak with God;</div>
<div class='line'>Speaks it for us at the throne</div>
<div class='line'>With its glorious virtue shown.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>4</b> Failure on our conscience is -</div>
<div class='line'>Conscience means a "knowing this" -</div>
<div class='line'>Causing us much grief and pain,</div>
<div class='line'>Telling us of every stain.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>5</b> All the while we're unaware</div>
<div class='line'>Of the blood's effectual prayer.</div>
<div class='line'>Jesus' blood speaks of our case,</div>
<div class='line'>That we might receive His grace!</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>6</b> We need not dead works to bring,</div>
<div class='line'>Nor another offering.</div>
<div class='line'>Nothing else could please our God,</div>
<div class='line'>Heav'n is listening for His blood.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>7</b> In His blood forgiveness shines;</div>
<div class='line'>Oh, 'tis glorious to find!</div>
<div class='line'>Israel just atonement knew,</div>
<div class='line'>We have that and cleansing too.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>8</b> Heart and mind are now at peace</div>
<div class='line'>Rest! Our conscience has been reached.</div>
<div class='line'>Never more we blush in shame,</div>
<div class='line'>We are washed from every stain.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>9</b> Hallelujah! Fathomless!</div>
<div class='line'>All that's in His blood for us!</div>
<div class='line'>Sing we will, and sing we must;</div>
<div class='line'>In His blood is all our trust!</div>
</div>
<div style='height:40px'></div>
</body></html>
