<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=UTF-8"/>
<title>Hymn 1129</title>
<link href='../stylesheet.css' rel='stylesheet' type='text/css'/>
</head>
<body>
<div style='text-align:center'>
<a href='1128.xhtml' class='hidden_a'><b> &lt; </b></a>
<a href='../nav/nav_0000.xhtml' class='hidden_a'>
E<b>1129</b> C<b>-</b> K<b>-</b> S<b>-</b>
</a>
 <a href='1130.xhtml' class='hidden_a'><b> &gt; </b></a>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>1</b> "So great a salvation," ye saints of the Lord,</div>
<div class='line'>To us is revealed in His marvelous Word!</div>
<div class='line'>Since all that He is and has done is for us,</div>
<div class='line'>We'll give earnest heed to this word glorious.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>2</b> What He is of God and of Man as the Son,</div>
<div class='line'>We now may enjoy since with Him we are one;</div>
<div class='line'>Our High Priest and Captain - salvation is He!</div>
<div class='line'>He'll cause us to grow in His glory to be.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>3</b> He's washed all our sins, purified them fore'er;</div>
<div class='line'>Tasted death on the cross, ended slavery there.</div>
<div class='line'>He took on our nature, the devil has slain,</div>
<div class='line'>And put you and I in His glorious train.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>4</b> So great the extent of salvation to us -</div>
<div class='line'>We're partners of Christ in His plan glorious.</div>
<div class='line'>He'll bring us to glory and we'll rule with Him,</div>
<div class='line'>To the uttermost saved by His working within.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>5</b> To such a salvation our heed we must give,</div>
<div class='line'>Lest drifting away or neglecting we live.</div>
<div class='line'>Christ now as our life, future ruling with Him,</div>
<div class='line'>We'll miss if we miss this salvation within.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>6</b> "So great a salvation" is given to us</div>
<div class='line'>That we may be made like our Lord glorious!</div>
<div class='line'>By all that He is and by all He has done</div>
<div class='line'>We're brought into glory with God's firstborn Son.</div>
</div>
<div style='height:40px'></div>
</body></html>
