<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=UTF-8"/>
<title>Hymn 1130</title>
<link href='../stylesheet.css' rel='stylesheet' type='text/css'/>
</head>
<body>
<div style='text-align:center'>
<a href='1129.xhtml' class='hidden_a'><b> &lt; </b></a>
<a href='../nav/nav_0000.xhtml' class='hidden_a'>
E<b>1130</b> C<b>-</b> K<b>-</b> S<b>-</b>
</a>
 <a href='1131.xhtml' class='hidden_a'><b> &gt; </b></a>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>1</b> Sing praise to Christ Who lives in us,</div>
<div class='line'>The God of our salvation;</div>
<div class='line'>Who saves us by His life divine,</div>
<div class='line'>And not by regulation;</div>
<div class='line'>After we've worked - done all we can,</div>
<div class='line'>His life has power to change a man:</div>
<div class='line'>His life divine can change us.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>2</b> He saves us to the uttermost</div>
<div class='line'>By His life-giving power;</div>
<div class='line'>Transfusing Himself into us,</div>
<div class='line'>He saves us hour by hour.</div>
<div class='line'>He saved the lost by coming in,</div>
<div class='line'>He's saving now from more than sin:</div>
<div class='line'>He's saving us to glory!</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>3</b> Our Lord was constituted priest</div>
<div class='line'>To be a real life-giver;</div>
<div class='line'>Life is the nature of this One</div>
<div class='line'>Who can from self deliver:</div>
<div class='line'>His life is indestructible,</div>
<div class='line'>By it He saves us to the full:</div>
<div class='line'>Praise God, He's fully able!</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>4</b> His life is fully qualified</div>
<div class='line'>To bring us through to glory;</div>
<div class='line'>Were it not for His tested life,</div>
<div class='line'>'Twould be another story:</div>
<div class='line'>His life was fully tried on earth,</div>
<div class='line'>To crucifixion from His birth:</div>
<div class='line'>He passed through death and Hades.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>5</b> He's pledged to save us to the full,</div>
<div class='line'>His life is operating;</div>
<div class='line'>He's doing everything for us</div>
<div class='line'>'Tis all for our perfecting;</div>
<div class='line'>Our life's a failure at its best,</div>
<div class='line'>Only His life can stand the test:</div>
<div class='line'>His life brings full salvation!</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>6</b> He's living now to intercede,</div>
<div class='line'>Continuing forever;</div>
<div class='line'>He undertakes into the age,</div>
<div class='line'>His priesthood changes never;</div>
<div class='line'>He always lives to intercede,</div>
<div class='line'>Such a High Priest is what we need:</div>
<div class='line'>He's higher than the heavens.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>7</b> Come forward now to God through Him,</div>
<div class='line'>Ne'er shrink back to destruction;</div>
<div class='line'>Come forward now to get the life,</div>
<div class='line'>Which brings the proper function;</div>
<div class='line'>Come forward now the life to take,</div>
<div class='line'>By life His people us He'll make,</div>
<div class='line'>And swallow death forever.</div>
</div>
<div style='height:40px'></div>
</body></html>
