<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=UTF-8"/>
<title>Hymn 1132</title>
<link href='../stylesheet.css' rel='stylesheet' type='text/css'/>
</head>
<body>
<div style='text-align:center'>
<a href='1131.xhtml' class='hidden_a'><b> &lt; </b></a>
<a href='../nav/nav_0000.xhtml' class='hidden_a'>
E<b>1132</b> C<b>-</b> K<b>-</b> S<b>-</b>
</a>
 <a href='1133.xhtml' class='hidden_a'><b> &gt; </b></a>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>1</b> Lord, teach us how to pray,</div>
<div class='line'>Not as the nations do in vain,</div>
<div class='line'>But turn us from our way,</div>
<div class='line'>And cause us, Lord, to call on You each day -</div>
<div class='line'>Lord Jesus, grow in us.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>2</b> Lord, You're the seed of life;</div>
<div class='line'>You've sown Yourself into our heart,</div>
<div class='line'>And now You have a start;</div>
<div class='line'>So day by day more life to us impart -</div>
<div class='line'>Lord Jesus, grow in us.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>3</b> Lord Jesus, soften us;</div>
<div class='line'>You know the source from which we came.</div>
<div class='line'>By calling on Your name,</div>
<div class='line'>Lord, let no earth unturned nor rocks remain -</div>
<div class='line'>Lord Jesus, grow in us.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>4</b> Lord, how Your light makes clear</div>
<div class='line'>That we could not but e'er fail You;</div>
<div class='line'>Yet there's a message true,</div>
<div class='line'>The seed of life within us will break through -</div>
<div class='line'>Lord Jesus, grow in us.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>5</b> Make us in spirit poor;</div>
<div class='line'>Lord, take whate'er we think we know.</div>
<div class='line'>We'll open to life's flow,</div>
<div class='line'>And thus take in the life that makes us grow -</div>
<div class='line'>Lord Jesus, grow in us.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>6</b> Lord, make us pure in heart;</div>
<div class='line'>For we'll be not content until</div>
<div class='line'>You all our being fill,</div>
<div class='line'>O Lord, renew our mind, emotion, will -</div>
<div class='line'>Lord Jesus, grow in us.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>7</b> Yes, Lord, impress our heart</div>
<div class='line'>That we must take You in each day;</div>
<div class='line'>The seed will have its way;</div>
<div class='line'>Your growing brings the kingdom here to stay -</div>
<div class='line'>Lord Jesus, grow in us.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>8</b> Amen! - The growth in life!</div>
<div class='line'>There's nothing that Your life can't do;</div>
<div class='line'>Our every part renew.</div>
<div class='line'>We'll make it, we'll make it just by You.</div>
<div class='line'>Lord Jesus, grow in us.</div>
<div class='line'>Lord Jesus, grow in us.</div>
</div>
<div style='height:40px'></div>
</body></html>
