<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=UTF-8"/>
<title>Hymn 1135</title>
<link href='../stylesheet.css' rel='stylesheet' type='text/css'/>
</head>
<body>
<div style='text-align:center'>
<a href='1134.xhtml' class='hidden_a'><b> &lt; </b></a>
<a href='../nav/nav_0000.xhtml' class='hidden_a'>
E<b>1135</b> C<b>-</b> K<b>838</b> S<b>-</b>
</a>
 <a href='1136.xhtml' class='hidden_a'><b> &gt; </b></a>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>1</b> Oh, sanctify us, Lord; now add Thyself to us,</div>
<div class='line'>In our experience, Thy Person spread in us,</div>
<div class='line'>That in reality the church be glorious,</div>
<div class='line'>O Lord, do add Thyself, we pray.</div>
</div>
<div class='chorus'>
<div class='line'>Oh, sanctify us, Lord, today;</div>
<div class='line'>Lord Jesus, You're the only way.</div>
<div class='line'>We take Your Person, Lord;</div>
<div class='line'>Oh, spread Yourself abroad.</div>
<div class='line'>Oh, sanctify us, Lord, today.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>2</b> Oh, purify us, Lord, by speaking in our heart;</div>
<div class='line'>Thy living, spoken word this washing will impart.</div>
<div class='line'>Increase Thy speaking, Lord, and cleanse our every part.</div>
<div class='line'>Oh, purify us, Lord, we pray.</div>
</div>
<div class='chorus'>
<div class='line'>Oh, purify us, Lord, today;</div>
<div class='line'>Wash all our natural life away.</div>
<div class='line'>Speak now Thy words in us,</div>
<div class='line'>And make us glorious.</div>
<div class='line'>O Lord, do speak in us today.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>3</b> O Lord, do nourish us; You are the food we need;</div>
<div class='line'>As we are eating You, we'll be transformed indeed;</div>
<div class='line'>We're fully satisfied as on Yourself we feed,</div>
<div class='line'>So nourish us, O Lord, we pray.</div>
</div>
<div class='chorus'>
<div class='line'>O Lord, do nourish us today</div>
<div class='line'>As all our self You wash away.</div>
<div class='line'>Not only purify,</div>
<div class='line'>But fill and satisfy;</div>
<div class='line'>O Lord, do nourish us today.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>4</b> O Lord, do cherish us, as on Thyself we feed;</div>
<div class='line'>Warm us so tenderly and meet our every need.</div>
<div class='line'>Our hardness soften, Lord, till we are Yours indeed;</div>
<div class='line'>Oh, cherish us, dear Lord, we pray.</div>
</div>
<div class='chorus'>
<div class='line'>O Lord, do cherish us today,</div>
<div class='line'>Until our coldness flees away.</div>
<div class='line'>Oh, hold us close to Thee</div>
<div class='line'>And cherish tenderly;</div>
<div class='line'>O Lord, do cherish us today.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>5</b> Lord, make us glorious, by all Your inner work,</div>
<div class='line'>Not glory for ourselves, but glory for the church;</div>
<div class='line'>That You may have Your Bride, thus ending all Your search.</div>
<div class='line'>O Lord, do work on us, we pray.</div>
</div>
<div class='chorus'>
<div class='line'>O Lord, do work on us today!</div>
<div class='line'>To form the church Your glorious way.</div>
<div class='line'>Oh, spread Yourself in us</div>
<div class='line'>Till we are glorious;</div>
<div class='line'>Oh, make us glorious, Lord, today.</div>
</div>
<div style='height:40px'></div>
</body></html>
