<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=UTF-8"/>
<title>Hymn 1136</title>
<link href='../stylesheet.css' rel='stylesheet' type='text/css'/>
</head>
<body>
<div style='text-align:center'>
<a href='1135.xhtml' class='hidden_a'><b> &lt; </b></a>
<a href='../nav/nav_0000.xhtml' class='hidden_a'>
E<b>1136</b> C<b>-</b> K<b>-</b> S<b>-</b>
</a>
 <a href='1137.xhtml' class='hidden_a'><b> &gt; </b></a>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>1</b> Oh, Lord, grant us revelation,</div>
<div class='line'>Grant us light and sight to see</div>
<div class='line'>That as life, within our spirit,</div>
<div class='line'>Thou art our reality;</div>
<div class='line'>And that from within our spirit,</div>
<div class='line'>Now You must possess each part</div>
<div class='line'>Spreading out to all our being,</div>
<div class='line'>Making home in all our heart.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>2</b> It is not the outward action -</div>
<div class='line'>Pure behavior, conduct good,</div>
<div class='line'>Proper poise and perfect manners,</div>
<div class='line'>Doing what we think we should;</div>
<div class='line'>But it's Christ, a living Person,</div>
<div class='line'>Mingled thus with us within,</div>
<div class='line'>Spreading into all our being,</div>
<div class='line'>So that we might live by Him.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>3</b> Oh, Lord, let our every action,</div>
<div class='line'>Everything we do and say,</div>
<div class='line'>Come from Thee alone, experienced</div>
<div class='line'>In a real and inner way.</div>
<div class='line'>We reject the empty teachings,</div>
<div class='line'>Leave the methods and the strife.</div>
<div class='line'>Let our only way of living</div>
<div class='line'>Be the overflow of life!</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>4</b> Following the inner feeling,</div>
<div class='line'>Living in the overflow,</div>
<div class='line'>Moving in the rich anointing,</div>
<div class='line'>Not by what we think or know,</div>
<div class='line'>Nothing through intent or motive,</div>
<div class='line'>Or with purpose duly done,</div>
<div class='line'>But just following this feeling,</div>
<div class='line'>Living by the living One!</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>5</b> Thus we're sanctified completely,</div>
<div class='line'>Saturated thoroughly;</div>
<div class='line'>Not the old religious concept:</div>
<div class='line'>Separated doctrinally.</div>
<div class='line'>But 'tis Christ Himself within us,</div>
<div class='line'>Added to our every part,</div>
<div class='line'>All supplying, satisfying,</div>
<div class='line'>Making home in all our heart.</div>
</div>
<div style='height:40px'></div>
</body></html>
