<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=UTF-8"/>
<title>Hymn 1137</title>
<link href='../stylesheet.css' rel='stylesheet' type='text/css'/>
</head>
<body>
<div style='text-align:center'>
<a href='1136.xhtml' class='hidden_a'><b> &lt; </b></a>
<a href='../nav/nav_0000.xhtml' class='hidden_a'>
E<b>1137</b> C<b>303</b> K<b>303</b> S<b>-</b>
</a>
 <a href='1138.xhtml' class='hidden_a'><b> &gt; </b></a>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>1</b> His countenance angels can often behold,</div>
<div class='line'>But ne'er taste His love in His grace;</div>
<div class='line'>His saints, though they know of His pure boundless love,</div>
<div class='line'>Have never yet once seen His face.</div>
<div class='line'>His saints will before long His visage behold,</div>
<div class='line'>E'en in His bright glory will share;</div>
<div class='line'>But Mary, beholding His tears as He wept.</div>
<div class='line'>Could touch His heart's agony there.</div>
<div class='line'>Could touch His heart's agony there.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>2</b> We'll soon see the Lord, as He is, face to face,</div>
<div class='line'>We'll know Him as never before;</div>
<div class='line'>But that touch today, healing our broken heart,</div>
<div class='line'>In that day will be felt no more.</div>
<div class='line'>That day, though our lips offer unceasing praise,</div>
<div class='line'>No tears, then, nor prayers fervent burn;</div>
<div class='line'>Nor is there the comfort received through much pain,</div>
<div class='line'>Nor trust gained through trials to learn,</div>
<div class='line'>Nor trust gained through trials to learn.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>3</b> Exceeding in glory, that day we'll be crowned,</div>
<div class='line'>Yet there'll be no cross to obey;</div>
<div class='line'>The sweet fellowship of His suff'rings for us</div>
<div class='line'>We only can share in today.</div>
<div class='line'>Once we've that rest entered, no weariness then,</div>
<div class='line'>Nor chance will remain to partake</div>
<div class='line'>The trials nor the hardships, nor happiness lost,</div>
<div class='line'>Nor suffering borne for His sake,</div>
<div class='line'>Nor suffering borne for His sake.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>4</b> Oh, chances to suffer for Him are so few,</div>
<div class='line'>His shame and derision to bear;</div>
<div class='line'>Such blest opportunities soon pass away,</div>
<div class='line'>That He in our troubles may share.</div>
<div class='line'>All loneliness, misunderstandings and scorn</div>
<div class='line'>Despisings and sorrows will flee;</div>
<div class='line'>I treasure these blessings, for through them, O Lord,</div>
<div class='line'>I enter sweet oneness with Thee,</div>
<div class='line'>I enter sweet oneness with Thee.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>5</b> I long to behold, Lord, Thy countenance soon,</div>
<div class='line'>What rapture with Thee, Lord, to meet.</div>
<div class='line'>But neither seek I all these trials to avoid;</div>
<div class='line'>Such times, Lord, are too rare and sweet.</div>
<div class='line'>Have mercy on me, fill me with Thy great love,</div>
<div class='line'>For Thee, Lord, to live at all cost;</div>
<div class='line'>Lest Thy servant, hoping for that blessed day,</div>
<div class='line'>That day, regret chances were lost,</div>
<div class='line'>That day, regret chances were lost.</div>
</div>
<div style='height:40px'></div>
</body></html>
