<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=UTF-8"/>
<title>Hymn 1144</title>
<link href='../stylesheet.css' rel='stylesheet' type='text/css'/>
</head>
<body>
<div style='text-align:center'>
<a href='1143.xhtml' class='hidden_a'><b> &lt; </b></a>
<a href='../nav/nav_0000.xhtml' class='hidden_a'>
E<b>1144</b> C<b>-</b> K<b>-</b> S<b>-</b>
</a>
 <a href='1145.xhtml' class='hidden_a'><b> &gt; </b></a>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>1</b> In the Word of old, we are clearly told,</div>
<div class='line'>In His image God created man.</div>
<div class='line'>To express His worth, to subdue the earth,</div>
<div class='line'>Have dominion and fulfill His plan.</div>
</div>
<div class='chorus'>
<div class='line'>Image, image,</div>
<div class='line'>In His image He created man.</div>
<div class='line'>Image, image,</div>
<div class='line'>For dominion, to fulfill His plan.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>2</b> Yet no rules He gave, no instructions, save:</div>
<div class='line'>"Every tree shall be to thee for meat."</div>
<div class='line'>But one tree, He said, surely makes you dead;</div>
<div class='line'>Fruit of knowledge isn't good to eat.</div>
</div>
<div class='chorus'>
<div class='line'>Knowledge, knowledge,</div>
<div class='line'>Fruit of knowledge wasn't meant for meat.</div>
<div class='line'>Knowledge, knowledge,</div>
<div class='line'>Fruit of knowledge isn't good to eat.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>3</b> Midst the garden fair, see the life tree there -</div>
<div class='line'>God Himself the tree of life does show.</div>
<div class='line'>But the enemy, somehow subtly</div>
<div class='line'>Tempted man the other tree to know.</div>
</div>
<div class='chorus'>
<div class='line'>Fallen, fallen,</div>
<div class='line'>Man has eaten of the deadly tree.</div>
<div class='line'>Fallen, fallen,</div>
<div class='line'>Man requires a full recovery.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>4</b> Then came Jesus Christ as the tree of life,</div>
<div class='line'>Satisfying all that God required.</div>
<div class='line'>He redeemed the earth, giving man new birth.</div>
<div class='line'>And became the food that man desired.</div>
</div>
<div class='chorus'>
<div class='line'>Jesus, Jesus,</div>
<div class='line'>Jesus Christ is really good to eat.</div>
<div class='line'>Jesus, Jesus,</div>
<div class='line'>He is real drink and real meat.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>5</b> Jesus ne'er designed e'er to feed our mind;</div>
<div class='line'>All good knowledge only puffeth up.</div>
<div class='line'>But He came, He said, as a feast instead,</div>
<div class='line'>Not to analyze, but only sup.</div>
</div>
<div class='chorus'>
<div class='line'>Take Him, take Him,</div>
<div class='line'>Wholly satisfying, glorious.</div>
<div class='line'>Take Him, take Him,</div>
<div class='line'>Jesus is the tree of life to us.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>6</b> As we eat the Lord, growth He does afford,</div>
<div class='line'>Life and numbers soon will be increased.</div>
<div class='line'>We must clearly see God's recovery -</div>
<div class='line'>Christ is not religion, but a feast.</div>
</div>
<div class='chorus'>
<div class='line'>Eat Him, eat Him,</div>
<div class='line'>Christ as life is all the food we need.</div>
<div class='line'>Eat Him, eat Him,</div>
<div class='line'>He who eateth Him shall live indeed.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>7</b> Eating is the way to live Christ today,</div>
<div class='line'>Of the eating there should be no lack.</div>
<div class='line'>As the churches eat, they become complete,</div>
<div class='line'>Eating Christ will bring the Bridegroom back.</div>
</div>
<div class='chorus'>
<div class='line'>Eating, eating,</div>
<div class='line'>Of our eating there must be no lack.</div>
<div class='line'>Eating, eating,</div>
<div class='line'>Eating Christ will bring the Bridegroom back.</div>
</div>
<div style='height:40px'></div>
</body></html>
