<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=UTF-8"/>
<title>Hymn 1155</title>
<link href='../stylesheet.css' rel='stylesheet' type='text/css'/>
</head>
<body>
<div style='text-align:center'>
<a href='1154.xhtml' class='hidden_a'><b> &lt; </b></a>
<a href='../nav/nav_0000.xhtml' class='hidden_a'>
E<b>1155</b> C<b>-</b> K<b>983</b> S<b>-</b>
</a>
 <a href='1156.xhtml' class='hidden_a'><b> &gt; </b></a>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>1</b> How I love Thee, precious Jesus,</div>
<div class='line'>That Thy love laid hold of me;</div>
<div class='line'>Thou hast drawn and wooed and kissed me</div>
<div class='line'>That a lover I may be!</div>
</div>
<div class='chorus'>
<div class='line'>Our Beloved, how we love Him,</div>
<div class='line'>So attractive, our delight.</div>
<div class='line'>We are captivated wholly</div>
<div class='line'>And are comely in His sight.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>2</b> As a company of horses,</div>
<div class='line'>Thou, O Lord, has likened me,</div>
<div class='line'>Strong and swift, with Pharaoh's chariots,</div>
<div class='line'>Full of natural energy.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>3</b> Just a lover with the dove's eyes</div>
<div class='line'>Fixed on Him and Him alone;</div>
<div class='line'>Changed are all my natural concepts,</div>
<div class='line'>Oh, the Lord in me has grown!</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>4</b> Now a lily of the valley,</div>
<div class='line'>Standing out among the thorns,</div>
<div class='line'>In the Lord alone I'm trusting,</div>
<div class='line'>Of my self-strength I've been shorn.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>5</b> Make us doves that hide in Thee, Lord;</div>
<div class='line'>Bring us to the secret place.</div>
<div class='line'>There You find our voices sweet, Lord,</div>
<div class='line'>And desire to see our face.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>6</b> Make us then, Lord, smoking pillars,</div>
<div class='line'>Coming from the wilderness.</div>
<div class='line'>By Thy death and resurrection</div>
<div class='line'>All our natural will suppress.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>7</b> You desire a couch to rest on -</div>
<div class='line'>We become a rest to Thee;</div>
<div class='line'>Thou the Person in our being,</div>
<div class='line'>Gone our personality.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>8</b> Now a palanquin You're making -</div>
<div class='line'>Nothing natural You'll allow.</div>
<div class='line'>For Your move and Your expression</div>
<div class='line'>Start this work within us now!</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>9</b> You supply the wood and pillars</div>
<div class='line'>For the structure and support,</div>
<div class='line'>Bottom gold and seat of purple</div>
<div class='line'>For our King of royal court.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>10</b> Only this, O Lord, we offer</div>
<div class='line'>For Thy palanquin so fine:</div>
<div class='line'>Just our love, so pure and fitted,</div>
<div class='line'>The interior design.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>11</b> What a sight when our Beloved</div>
<div class='line'>Wears a crown upon His brow;</div>
<div class='line'>Christ, the Church, are now united -</div>
<div class='line'>Boast and glory to Him now!</div>
</div>
<div style='height:40px'></div>
</body></html>
