<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=UTF-8"/>
<title>Hymn 1158</title>
<link href='../stylesheet.css' rel='stylesheet' type='text/css'/>
</head>
<body>
<div style='text-align:center'>
<a href='1157.xhtml' class='hidden_a'><b> &lt; </b></a>
<a href='../nav/nav_0000.xhtml' class='hidden_a'>
E<b>1158</b> C<b>275</b> K<b>-</b> S<b>-</b>
</a>
 <a href='1159.xhtml' class='hidden_a'><b> &gt; </b></a>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>1</b> Dear Lord Jesus, precious Jesus,</div>
<div class='line'>Thou hast won each love from me;</div>
<div class='line'>Who like Thee - so fair and comely?</div>
<div class='line'>Who like Thee - so sweet and lovely?</div>
<div class='line'>Matchless One, unrivaled beauty,</div>
<div class='line'>None can e'er compete with Thee!</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>2</b> Dear Lord Jesus, precious Jesus,</div>
<div class='line'>Gladly will I hear Thy call;</div>
<div class='line'>Since Thy voice my heart hath entered,</div>
<div class='line'>I from all things could but sever;</div>
<div class='line'>Void are all my other seekings,</div>
<div class='line'>Every pride hath disappeared.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>3</b> Dear Lord Jesus, precious Jesus,</div>
<div class='line'>How can I still stubborn be?</div>
<div class='line'>At Thy feet cast all my hard'nings,</div>
<div class='line'>And return with songs and singings;</div>
<div class='line'>'Tis my love to be Thy bondslave,</div>
<div class='line'>'Tis my joy to Thee obey.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>4</b> Dear Lord Jesus, precious Jesus,</div>
<div class='line'>Thy way only will I choose;</div>
<div class='line'>Though in tears while I'm obeying,</div>
<div class='line'>Yet I would not change my standing;</div>
<div class='line'>All I long for is Thy pleasure,</div>
<div class='line'>And the peace Thy love would bring.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>5</b> Dear Lord Jesus, precious Jesus,</div>
<div class='line'>When Thy presence does depart,</div>
<div class='line'>Seems the dawn has lost its traces,</div>
<div class='line'>Hidden are my smiling faces;</div>
<div class='line'>All I yearn for is Thy coming</div>
<div class='line'>And Thy presence' sweet embrace.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>6</b> Dear Lord Jesus, precious Jesus,</div>
<div class='line'>Can I tell it all to Thee?</div>
<div class='line'>Thou my love and satisfaction,</div>
<div class='line'>Thou my everlasting portion;</div>
<div class='line'>Thou art all that I desire,</div>
<div class='line'>Nothing else I would pursue.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>7</b> Dear Lord Jesus, precious Jesus,</div>
<div class='line'>All I have I give to Thee;</div>
<div class='line'>Who like Thee - so fair and comely?</div>
<div class='line'>Who like Thee - so sweet and lovely?</div>
<div class='line'>Matchless One, unrivaled beauty,</div>
<div class='line'>None can e'er compete with Thee!</div>
</div>
<div style='height:40px'></div>
</body></html>
