<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=UTF-8"/>
<title>Hymn 1159</title>
<link href='../stylesheet.css' rel='stylesheet' type='text/css'/>
</head>
<body>
<div style='text-align:center'>
<a href='1158.xhtml' class='hidden_a'><b> &lt; </b></a>
<a href='../nav/nav_0000.xhtml' class='hidden_a'>
E<b>1159</b> C<b>s305</b> K<b>831</b> S<b>278</b>
</a>
 <a href='1160.xhtml' class='hidden_a'><b> &gt; </b></a>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>1</b> Jesus Lord, I'm captured by Thy beauty.</div>
<div class='line'>All my heart to Thee I open wide;</div>
<div class='line'>Now set free from all religious duty,</div>
<div class='line'>Only let me in Thyself abide.</div>
<div class='line'>As I'm gazing here upon Thy glory,</div>
<div class='line'>Fill my heart with radiancy divine;</div>
<div class='line'>Saturate me, Lord, I now implore Thee,</div>
<div class='line'>Mingle now Thy Spirit, Lord, with mine.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>2</b> Shining One - how clear the sky above me!</div>
<div class='line'>Son of Man, I see Thee on the throne!</div>
<div class='line'>Holy One, the flames of God consume me,</div>
<div class='line'>Till my being glows with Thee alone.</div>
<div class='line'>Lord, when first I saw Thee in Thy splendor,</div>
<div class='line'>All self-love and glory sank in shame;</div>
<div class='line'>Now my heart its love and praises render,</div>
<div class='line'>Tasting all the sweetness of Thy name.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>3</b> Precious Lord, my flask of alabaster</div>
<div class='line'>Gladly now I break in love for Thee;</div>
<div class='line'>I anoint Thy head, Beloved Master;</div>
<div class='line'>Lord, behold, I've saved the best for Thee.</div>
<div class='line'>Dearest Lord, I waste myself upon Thee;</div>
<div class='line'>Loving Thee, I'm deeply satisfied.</div>
<div class='line'>Love outpoured from hidden depths within me,</div>
<div class='line'>Costly oil, dear Lord, I would provide.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>4</b> My Beloved, come on spices' mountain;</div>
<div class='line'>How I yearn to see Thee face to face.</div>
<div class='line'>Drink, dear Lord, from my heart's flowing fountain,</div>
<div class='line'>Till I rest fore'er in Thine embrace.</div>
<div class='line'>Not alone, O Lord, do I adore Thee,</div>
<div class='line'>But with all the saints as Thy dear Bride;</div>
<div class='line'>Quickly come, our love is waiting for Thee;</div>
<div class='line'>Jesus Lord, Thou wilt be satisfied.</div>
</div>
<div style='height:40px'></div>
</body></html>
