<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=UTF-8"/>
<title>Hymn 1164</title>
<link href='../stylesheet.css' rel='stylesheet' type='text/css'/>
</head>
<body>
<div style='text-align:center'>
<a href='1163.xhtml' class='hidden_a'><b> &lt; </b></a>
<a href='../nav/nav_0000.xhtml' class='hidden_a'>
E<b>1164</b> C<b>-</b> K<b>-</b> S<b>245</b>
</a>
 <a href='1165.xhtml' class='hidden_a'><b> &gt; </b></a>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>1</b> Jesus, the all-inclusive land,</div>
<div class='line'>Is everything to me:</div>
<div class='line'>A Christ of brooks, of depths and streams,</div>
<div class='line'>And fountains bubbling free.</div>
<div class='line'>Springing from valleys and from hills,</div>
<div class='line'>Flowing till every part He fills,</div>
<div class='line'>He waters us - how glorious -</div>
<div class='line'>By His life!</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>2</b> Jesus is now the land of wheat -</div>
<div class='line'>Incarnate, crucified.</div>
<div class='line'>But resurrection life is He</div>
<div class='line'>By barley signified.</div>
<div class='line'>He is a land of figs and vines -</div>
<div class='line'>Blood of the grape, the cheering wine.</div>
<div class='line'>With such supplies He satisfies -</div>
<div class='line'>Christ our land!</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>3</b> O what a rich, abundant Christ:</div>
<div class='line'>Our pomegranate true,</div>
<div class='line'>The olive tree whose oil is now</div>
<div class='line'>Anointing us anew,</div>
<div class='line'>Rich milk and honey He doth bring,</div>
<div class='line'>Sweet, satisfying, nourishing.</div>
<div class='line'>Our Christ is such; He is so much!</div>
<div class='line'>What a Christ!</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>4</b> In our good land we eat the bread -</div>
<div class='line'>There is no scarcity.</div>
<div class='line'>We never lack one thing in Him,</div>
<div class='line'>So rich, so full is He.</div>
<div class='line'>He is a land so vast, immense;</div>
<div class='line'>He is complete in every sense.</div>
<div class='line'>How He expands - land of all lands -</div>
<div class='line'>In our heart!</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>5</b> Christ is a land of iron stones,</div>
<div class='line'>Whence comes authority.</div>
<div class='line'>We must dig out this solid Christ</div>
<div class='line'>To bind His enemy.</div>
<div class='line'>Then we must through the sufferings pass</div>
<div class='line'>To be refined as burnished brass.</div>
<div class='line'>With iron bind, as brass refined,</div>
<div class='line'>Is our need.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>6</b> Lord, how we bless Thee for this land,</div>
<div class='line'>The all-inclusive Christ!</div>
<div class='line'>We've eaten Him, we're filled with Him,</div>
<div class='line'>O how He has sufficed!</div>
<div class='line'>Teach us to labor constantly</div>
<div class='line'>Upon this vast reality;</div>
<div class='line'>This is our joy, this our employ -</div>
<div class='line'>Christ our land!</div>
</div>
<div style='height:40px'></div>
</body></html>
