<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=UTF-8"/>
<title>Hymn 1166</title>
<link href='../stylesheet.css' rel='stylesheet' type='text/css'/>
</head>
<body>
<div style='text-align:center'>
<a href='1165.xhtml' class='hidden_a'><b> &lt; </b></a>
<a href='../nav/nav_0000.xhtml' class='hidden_a'>
E<b>1166</b> C<b>-</b> K<b>-</b> S<b>-</b>
</a>
 <a href='1167.xhtml' class='hidden_a'><b> &gt; </b></a>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>1</b> God has set the land before us,</div>
<div class='line'>And the land we will possess.</div>
<div class='line'>God has finally found a people</div>
<div class='line'>Tired of the wilderness.</div>
<div class='line'>Down with every weight and sin;</div>
<div class='line'>Let's go up and enter in.</div>
</div>
<div class='chorus'>
<div class='line'>Hallelujah, Hallelujah,</div>
<div class='line'>Hallelujah, Amen.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>2</b> God has cleared the way before us</div>
<div class='line'>Through the victory of His Son;</div>
<div class='line'>Raised the Victor's banner o'er us,</div>
<div class='line'>All the battles He has won.</div>
<div class='line'>All that's left for us to do</div>
<div class='line'>Is by faith to follow through.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>3</b> It's a land of hills and valleys,</div>
<div class='line'>Brooks of water flowing free;</div>
<div class='line'>Fountains rich with living water,</div>
<div class='line'>Streams that flow abundantly.</div>
<div class='line'>Brothers, joyfully we stand</div>
<div class='line'>In His promise, Christ the land.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>4</b> God has made the fruit to grow here,</div>
<div class='line'>Filled the land with produce sweet:</div>
<div class='line'>Olive oil and pomegranates,</div>
<div class='line'>Fig trees, honey, vines and wheat.</div>
<div class='line'>We need nothing else besides,</div>
<div class='line'>All we need the land provides.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>5</b> We have eaten unto fullness,</div>
<div class='line'>And with joy we bless the Lord,</div>
<div class='line'>For the good land He has given;</div>
<div class='line'>Faithful to His promised Word.</div>
<div class='line'>Here we find there is no lack -</div>
<div class='line'>Never, never we'll go back!</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>6</b> All we need to do is labor,</div>
<div class='line'>Working on the land each day;</div>
<div class='line'>Not expecting 'manna' blessing,</div>
<div class='line'>Working in a normal way.</div>
<div class='line'>God and man cooperating</div>
<div class='line'>While for harvest we are waiting.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>7</b> Labor thus will bring the increase</div>
<div class='line'>Of the land with all its worth,</div>
<div class='line'>And the Lord will have the harvest,</div>
<div class='line'>When He comes to reap the earth.</div>
<div class='line'>To provide the Lord the way,</div>
<div class='line'>We must labor day by day.</div>
</div>
<div style='height:40px'></div>
</body></html>
