<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=UTF-8"/>
<title>Hymn 1168</title>
<link href='../stylesheet.css' rel='stylesheet' type='text/css'/>
</head>
<body>
<div style='text-align:center'>
<a href='1167.xhtml' class='hidden_a'><b> &lt; </b></a>
<a href='../nav/nav_0000.xhtml' class='hidden_a'>
E<b>1168</b> C<b>-</b> K<b>-</b> S<b>247</b>
</a>
 <a href='1169.xhtml' class='hidden_a'><b> &gt; </b></a>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>1</b> Laboring on Jesus, the good land so real,</div>
<div class='line'>Plowing and planting and watering the field.</div>
<div class='line'>He yields the produce of reality,</div>
<div class='line'>God reaps the harvest of Jesus in me.</div>
</div>
<div class='chorus'>
<div class='line'>O Jesus! You're God's good land</div>
<div class='line'>For me to labor on!</div>
<div class='line'>I'll bit by bit possess You</div>
<div class='line'>Until the whole is won!</div>
<div class='line'>With Canaan is God's purpose,</div>
<div class='line'>The labor He will bless;</div>
<div class='line'>Lord Jesus, here I gain Yourself,</div>
<div class='line'>Your Person to possess.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>2</b> Laboring on Jesus! My heart has been set,</div>
<div class='line'>Labor's begun, and I have no regret,</div>
<div class='line'>For with my labor God's sending the rain,</div>
<div class='line'>And all my labor on Christ yields much gain.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>3</b> Laboring on Jesus this practical way -</div>
<div class='line'>Praying His Word in the spirit each day,</div>
<div class='line'>Foll'wing His living anointing within,</div>
<div class='line'>Built up with others, the church life to win.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>4</b> Laboring on Jesus yields reality,</div>
<div class='line'>Meetings of fullness for all men to see;</div>
<div class='line'>There God and man are indeed satisfied,</div>
<div class='line'>And there God's presence cannot be denied.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>5</b> Labor on Jesus to have Him increased!</div>
<div class='line'>Then seek God's dwelling and come to the feast!</div>
<div class='line'>There bring and offer your surplus to God,</div>
<div class='line'>There eat the riches, rejoice in the Lord!</div>
</div>
<div style='height:40px'></div>
</body></html>
