<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=UTF-8"/>
<title>Hymn 1172</title>
<link href='../stylesheet.css' rel='stylesheet' type='text/css'/>
</head>
<body>
<div style='text-align:center'>
<a href='1171.xhtml' class='hidden_a'><b> &lt; </b></a>
<a href='../nav/nav_0000.xhtml' class='hidden_a'>
E<b>1172</b> C<b>s133</b> K<b>1013</b> S<b>-</b>
</a>
 <a href='1173.xhtml' class='hidden_a'><b> &gt; </b></a>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>1</b> Lo, the conflict of the ages</div>
<div class='line'>Is upon us today,</div>
<div class='line'>And the forces of rebellion</div>
<div class='line'>Are in total array.</div>
<div class='line'>The humanity of Jesus</div>
<div class='line'>Now the saints must possess,</div>
<div class='line'>His true image and dominion</div>
<div class='line'>On the earth to express.</div>
</div>
<div class='chorus'>
<div class='line'>Let us stand up in Jesus</div>
<div class='line'>In His full human life,</div>
<div class='line'>Human virtues prevailing</div>
<div class='line'>'Gainst corruption so rife;</div>
<div class='line'>In this wickedness concerted,</div>
<div class='line'>In this age perverse, perverted,</div>
<div class='line'>The humanity of Jesus</div>
<div class='line'>Must the church now display.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>2</b> Lo, how Satan came to damage</div>
<div class='line'>Human life on the earth;</div>
<div class='line'>But the Lord in all this ruin</div>
<div class='line'>Raised a man full of worth!</div>
<div class='line'>From the seed of the woman</div>
<div class='line'>God incarnated became</div>
<div class='line'>The man Jesus - the last Adam -</div>
<div class='line'>To destroy Satan's aim!</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>3</b> It's by calling, drinking, eating</div>
<div class='line'>The man Jesus today,</div>
<div class='line'>His humanity enjoying</div>
<div class='line'>Bruises Satan each day.</div>
<div class='line'>To the Lord we must be turning,</div>
<div class='line'>All our soul life deny,</div>
<div class='line'>To destroy all Satan's working</div>
<div class='line'>And the new man supply.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>4</b> See the ruin of a nation</div>
<div class='line'>Going downward in sin;</div>
<div class='line'>All humanity is fallen</div>
<div class='line'>And corrupted within.</div>
<div class='line'>But as children of the kingdom</div>
<div class='line'>We are salting the earth;</div>
<div class='line'>His humanity preserves us</div>
<div class='line'>In the midst of such dearth.</div>
</div>
<div style='height:40px'></div>
</body></html>
