<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=UTF-8"/>
<title>Hymn 1176</title>
<link href='../stylesheet.css' rel='stylesheet' type='text/css'/>
</head>
<body>
<div style='text-align:center'>
<a href='1175.xhtml' class='hidden_a'><b> &lt; </b></a>
<a href='../nav/nav_0000.xhtml' class='hidden_a'>
E<b>1176</b> C<b>-</b> K<b>-</b> S<b>-</b>
</a>
 <a href='1177.xhtml' class='hidden_a'><b> &gt; </b></a>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>1</b> Pow'r exceeding great God did demonstrate</div>
<div class='line'>When He raised His Son from the dead.</div>
<div class='line'>May this pow'r we see, with it strengthened be,</div>
<div class='line'>And in resurrection life be led.</div>
</div>
<div class='chorus'>
<div class='line'>Power, power, resurrection power,</div>
<div class='line'>Energize us mightily within!</div>
<div class='line'>Power, power, resurrection power,</div>
<div class='line'>Energize us in the inner man!</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>2</b> Pow'r exceeding high God did magnify</div>
<div class='line'>When He raised His Son far above all.</div>
<div class='line'>Principalities, pow'rs, and majesties</div>
<div class='line'>At the name of Jesus Christ must fall.</div>
</div>
<div class='chorus'>
<div class='line'>Power, power, all-transcending power,</div>
<div class='line'>Elevate us mightily within!</div>
<div class='line'>Power, power, all-transcending power,</div>
<div class='line'>Elevate us in the inner man!</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>3</b> Pow'r surpassing too, all things to subdue</div>
<div class='line'>Has been given to Christ, pow'r complete.</div>
<div class='line'>We His Body are; so, hallelujah,</div>
<div class='line'>Everything must be beneath our feet!</div>
</div>
<div class='chorus'>
<div class='line'>Power, power, all-subduing power,</div>
<div class='line'>All-subjecting mightily within!</div>
<div class='line'>Power, power, all-subduing power,</div>
<div class='line'>All-subjecting to the inner man!</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>4</b> And the best of all, overruling all,</div>
<div class='line'>O'er all to the church Christ is Head.</div>
<div class='line'>Pow'r so glorious over all's to us;</div>
<div class='line'>To the highest place the church is led.</div>
</div>
<div class='chorus'>
<div class='line'>Power, power, overruling power,</div>
<div class='line'>Ruling over all, without, within!</div>
<div class='line'>Power, power, overruling power,</div>
<div class='line'>Ruling, reigning, through the inner man!</div>
</div>
<div style='height:40px'></div>
</body></html>
