<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=UTF-8"/>
<title>Hymn 1177</title>
<link href='../stylesheet.css' rel='stylesheet' type='text/css'/>
</head>
<body>
<div style='text-align:center'>
<a href='1176.xhtml' class='hidden_a'><b> &lt; </b></a>
<a href='../nav/nav_0000.xhtml' class='hidden_a'>
E<b>1177</b> C<b>-</b> K<b>-</b> S<b>-</b>
</a>
 <a href='1178.xhtml' class='hidden_a'><b> &gt; </b></a>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>1</b> Oh, Christ in all His glory put on humanity</div>
<div class='line'>So He could be my Person, and live instead of me.</div>
<div class='line'>A man in life and being, He fully fits my case,</div>
<div class='line'>So all His glorious Person can me replace.</div>
</div>
<div class='chorus'>
<div class='line'>O Lord, O Lord, You are the man for me!</div>
<div class='line'>I take You as my Person, as my full identity.</div>
<div class='line'>O Lord, O Lord, subdue my every part,</div>
<div class='line'>And every moment, every place, make home in all my heart.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>2</b> Oh, Christ became the Spirit to speak inside of me,</div>
<div class='line'>And as the speaking Spirit He speaks unceasingly.</div>
<div class='line'>His speaking is the water that washes me within,</div>
<div class='line'>Discharging all my oldness, imparting Him.</div>
</div>
<div class='chorus'>
<div class='line'>O Lord, O Lord, speak all You want to me.</div>
<div class='line'>Your speaking is Your presence - I must have it constantly.</div>
<div class='line'>O Lord, O Lord, speak-wash my every part</div>
<div class='line'>And by this metabolic change, make home in all my heart.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>3</b> Oh, Christ will come, the Bridegroom, for us, His glorious Bride,</div>
<div class='line'>By coming from within us the church is glorified.</div>
<div class='line'>His Person is the glory expanding now in us;</div>
<div class='line'>This glory is our Person - how glorious!</div>
</div>
<div class='chorus'>
<div class='line'>O Lord, O Lord, by Your economy</div>
<div class='line'>So flood us with Your glory, saturate us thoroughly.</div>
<div class='line'>Come out, come out, break forth in glory here,</div>
<div class='line'>And from the church, O glorious One, in glory soon appear.</div>
</div>
<div style='height:40px'></div>
</body></html>
