<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=UTF-8"/>
<title>Hymn 1178</title>
<link href='../stylesheet.css' rel='stylesheet' type='text/css'/>
</head>
<body>
<div style='text-align:center'>
<a href='1177.xhtml' class='hidden_a'><b> &lt; </b></a>
<a href='../nav/nav_0000.xhtml' class='hidden_a'>
E<b>1178</b> C<b>s122</b> K<b>-</b> S<b>249</b>
</a>
 <a href='1179.xhtml' class='hidden_a'><b> &gt; </b></a>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>1</b> We have seen Christ is reality:</div>
<div class='line'>But it's not sufficient just to see:</div>
<div class='line'>He in our experience must be</div>
<div class='line'>Everything to us.</div>
<div class='line'>We in prayer behold Him face to face,</div>
<div class='line'>In the Word and meetings know His grace;</div>
<div class='line'>But in daily life, in every place,</div>
<div class='line'>What is He to us?</div>
</div>
<div class='chorus'>
<div class='line'>Hallelujah! By His light we see</div>
<div class='line'>Oh, how real, how full our Lord will be</div>
<div class='line'>If we'll only turn to Him at every time, in every day,</div>
<div class='line'>Every thing, in every way and -</div>
<div class='line'>Be specific for reality!</div>
<div class='line'>And be done with generality!</div>
<div class='line'>If we'll just apply Him, we will see</div>
<div class='line'>He's everything to us.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>2</b> Life is full of opportunities</div>
<div class='line'>Ordered by our Father's hand: we see</div>
<div class='line'>Everything's the best that it could be,</div>
<div class='line'>So let's gain Christ!</div>
<div class='line'>Christ our content and reality</div>
<div class='line'>To shine out from us unceasingly:</div>
<div class='line'>He must have a way in you and me,</div>
<div class='line'>He must have a way.</div>
</div>
<div class='chorus'>
<div class='line'>Hallelujah! In the body we</div>
<div class='line'>Bear the death of Christ continually:</div>
<div class='line'>Thus His life comes forth for all to see as</div>
<div class='line'>The outer man is broken down,</div>
<div class='line'>The inner man is shining so that -</div>
<div class='line'>In these earthen vessels men can see</div>
<div class='line'>There's the treasure of reality!</div>
<div class='line'>Thus the gospel's glorious light will be</div>
<div class='line'>Shining out from us.</div>
<div class='line'>Not just doctrines and theology,</div>
<div class='line'>But the content of reality:</div>
<div class='line'>Christ as everything in you and me</div>
<div class='line'>He's everything to us!</div>
</div>
<div style='height:40px'></div>
</body></html>
