<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=UTF-8"/>
<title>Hymn 1181</title>
<link href='../stylesheet.css' rel='stylesheet' type='text/css'/>
</head>
<body>
<div style='text-align:center'>
<a href='1180.xhtml' class='hidden_a'><b> &lt; </b></a>
<a href='../nav/nav_0000.xhtml' class='hidden_a'>
E<b>1181</b> C<b>-</b> K<b>-</b> S<b>252</b>
</a>
 <a href='1182.xhtml' class='hidden_a'><b> &gt; </b></a>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>1</b> Lord, to know Thee as our Person,</div>
<div class='line'>Earnestly we seek and pray;</div>
<div class='line'>To experience Thy fulness</div>
<div class='line'>In a constant inner way.</div>
<div class='line'>Never longer only outward</div>
<div class='line'>Or with soulish thoughts obsessed,</div>
<div class='line'>But, O Lord, in realest contact</div>
<div class='line'>We by Thee would be possessed.</div>
</div>
<div class='chorus'>
<div class='line'>Lord, Thou art our Person,</div>
<div class='line'>In our inmost being,</div>
<div class='line'>May we constantly experience</div>
<div class='line'>This reality.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>2</b> All the world is under darkness,</div>
<div class='line'>Driven by the fallen soul,</div>
<div class='line'>And the enemy designing</div>
<div class='line'>Does the soulish life control.</div>
<div class='line'>Such we were till God, through mercy,</div>
<div class='line'>Caused His Son to dwell in us;</div>
<div class='line'>Now we fully come to know Him</div>
<div class='line'>In His church so glorious.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>3</b> Once we walked a soulish person,</div>
<div class='line'>Wandering in the wilderness,</div>
<div class='line'>Never knowing that our spirit</div>
<div class='line'>Craved God's fullness to express;</div>
<div class='line'>At the moment Jesus entered</div>
<div class='line'>Instantly the whole was changed.</div>
<div class='line'>Now we're people spirit-centered!</div>
<div class='line'>Hallelujah! Rearranged!</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>4</b> Now our spirit is our person -</div>
<div class='line'>What a glorious fact is this!</div>
<div class='line'>Christ Himself in us expressing</div>
<div class='line'>God's intent and holiness.</div>
<div class='line'>Not the soul-life's vain delusion,</div>
<div class='line'>But the spirit strengthened is;</div>
<div class='line'>Christ Himself is now our Person -</div>
<div class='line'>He is ours and we are His.</div>
</div>
<div style='height:40px'></div>
</body></html>
