<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=UTF-8"/>
<title>Hymn 1185</title>
<link href='../stylesheet.css' rel='stylesheet' type='text/css'/>
</head>
<body>
<div style='text-align:center'>
<a href='1184.xhtml' class='hidden_a'><b> &lt; </b></a>
<a href='../nav/nav_0000.xhtml' class='hidden_a'>
E<b>1185</b> C<b>-</b> K<b>-</b> S<b>-</b>
</a>
 <a href='1186.xhtml' class='hidden_a'><b> &gt; </b></a>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>1</b> In the multitude he lay there</div>
<div class='line'>With a sickness many years;</div>
<div class='line'>Impotent and lying helpless,</div>
<div class='line'>Every fraught with many fears.</div>
<div class='line'>Waiting for the water's moving,</div>
<div class='line'>Waiting for the angel's stir;</div>
<div class='line'>Powerless to move, however,</div>
<div class='line'>Helpless, hopeless, lying there.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>2</b> At this pool how clear the picture</div>
<div class='line'>Of the hopeless case of all</div>
<div class='line'>Who are seeking self-perfection</div>
<div class='line'>To recover from the fall.</div>
<div class='line'>Though the law is good and holy,</div>
<div class='line'>Flesh, to keep the law, is dead;</div>
<div class='line'>What we need is not religion,</div>
<div class='line'>But the Word of life instead.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>3</b> Though it's feast day, he's not happy,</div>
<div class='line'>Though the Sabbath, there's no rest;</div>
<div class='line'>Lying in his poor condition,</div>
<div class='line'>Miserable and sore depressed.</div>
<div class='line'>At that moment Jesus saw him,</div>
<div class='line'>Knowing he was thus so long.</div>
<div class='line'>"Will you be made whole?" He asked him,</div>
<div class='line'>"Healed and walking, well and strong?'</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>4</b> Though he told his hopeless story,</div>
<div class='line'>Scarce believing what he'd heard,</div>
<div class='line'>Yet, soon to his feet arising,</div>
<div class='line'>He received the living word.</div>
<div class='line'>This is all our situation,</div>
<div class='line'>We - like him - were lying there</div>
<div class='line'>In the sheep-fold of religion,</div>
<div class='line'>Under law's prevailing care.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>5</b> While we yet were weak and helpless,</div>
<div class='line'>Christ the Son of God did come.</div>
<div class='line'>By His word we're now enlivened;</div>
<div class='line'>He's the life-imparting One!</div>
<div class='line'>Hallelujah for this Jesus,</div>
<div class='line'>He's the Word of life to men;</div>
<div class='line'>For law's bondage He releases,</div>
<div class='line'>Death is turned to life again!</div>
</div>
<div style='height:40px'></div>
</body></html>
