<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=UTF-8"/>
<title>Hymn 1186</title>
<link href='../stylesheet.css' rel='stylesheet' type='text/css'/>
</head>
<body>
<div style='text-align:center'>
<a href='1185.xhtml' class='hidden_a'><b> &lt; </b></a>
<a href='../nav/nav_0000.xhtml' class='hidden_a'>
E<b>1186</b> C<b>-</b> K<b>-</b> S<b>-</b>
</a>
 <a href='1187.xhtml' class='hidden_a'><b> &gt; </b></a>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>1</b> The scribes and Pharisees all thought</div>
<div class='line'>A leader great would come.</div>
<div class='line'>So they to John the Baptist came</div>
<div class='line'>To ask if he's the One.</div>
<div class='line'>"Art thou the Coming One?' they asked,</div>
<div class='line'>To which he made reply:</div>
<div class='line'>"I'm not the Christ - I am not He -</div>
<div class='line'>A voice, that's all, am I."</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>2</b> And on the morrow, John stood there</div>
<div class='line'>And spoke to two or three.</div>
<div class='line'>And as he lifted up his eyes,</div>
<div class='line'>He then did Jesus see.</div>
<div class='line'>He said, "Behold the Lamb of God,</div>
<div class='line'>'Tis He Who walks this way.</div>
<div class='line'>He's here to take the sins of all</div>
<div class='line'>And bear them all away!"</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>3</b> Yet poor religion counted not</div>
<div class='line'>These things of any worth,</div>
<div class='line'>But seeking for a leader great</div>
<div class='line'>It lingered on in dearth;</div>
<div class='line'>And looking for a movement strong,</div>
<div class='line'>Continued in its strife.</div>
<div class='line'>Preoccupied with these things,</div>
<div class='line'>They missed the Lord of LIFE!</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>4</b> Religion is Christ's enemy,</div>
<div class='line'>It's even so today.</div>
<div class='line'>For though they name Him, should He come,</div>
<div class='line'>They'd put the Lord away.</div>
<div class='line'>They did it then, they'd do it now,</div>
<div class='line'>They'd miss the Lord again.</div>
<div class='line'>So let us seek the Lord Himself,</div>
<div class='line'>The lamb, the dove obtain.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>5</b> Now in the Lord's recovery</div>
<div class='line'>We're drawn to Christ alone.</div>
<div class='line'>The Spirit as the gentle dove</div>
<div class='line'>Has found in us a home.</div>
<div class='line'>Let all religion turn away</div>
<div class='line'>To movements wide and great;</div>
<div class='line'>This testimony of Himself</div>
<div class='line'>Our Lord will vindicate!</div>
</div>
<div style='height:40px'></div>
</body></html>
