<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=UTF-8"/>
<title>Hymn 1188</title>
<link href='../stylesheet.css' rel='stylesheet' type='text/css'/>
</head>
<body>
<div style='text-align:center'>
<a href='1187.xhtml' class='hidden_a'><b> &lt; </b></a>
<a href='../nav/nav_0000.xhtml' class='hidden_a'>
E<b>1188</b> C<b>-</b> K<b>-</b> S<b>-</b>
</a>
 <a href='1189.xhtml' class='hidden_a'><b> &gt; </b></a>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>1</b> Upon the throne of Jesus Christ</div>
<div class='line'>We've taken up our seat.</div>
<div class='line'>The world and Satan, sin and self</div>
<div class='line'>Are all beneath our feet!</div>
<div class='line'>Christ's finished work did put us here,</div>
<div class='line'>When once for all He died;</div>
<div class='line'>No more are we the sinners poor,</div>
<div class='line'>We're fully glorified.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>2</b> We're dwelling in the house of God,</div>
<div class='line'>The church life glorious.</div>
<div class='line'>The shrinking-back, low Christian life,</div>
<div class='line'>Is not the life for us!</div>
<div class='line'>We're passing through the Holy Place</div>
<div class='line'>Of mind, emotion, will;</div>
<div class='line'>We're dwelling in the Holiest</div>
<div class='line'>Where God our being fills.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>3</b> We're under the New Covenant,</div>
<div class='line'>With glorious items, three:</div>
<div class='line'>The law of life, spontaneous,</div>
<div class='line'>Transforming utterly;</div>
<div class='line'>We are His people, He's our God -</div>
<div class='line'>Oh, bless'd reality;</div>
<div class='line'>We all are fully able now</div>
<div class='line'>To know God inwardly.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>4</b> A supplement God added then;</div>
<div class='line'>This item we must know:</div>
<div class='line'>Christ Jesus did put sin away</div>
<div class='line'>Two thousand years ago.</div>
<div class='line'>No memory of sin at all,</div>
<div class='line'>It's hist'ry, done and gone;</div>
<div class='line'>In spirit now the law of life</div>
<div class='line'>Will take us swiftly on.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>5</b> Two things accomplished by our Lord</div>
<div class='line'>On Calvary's cross, we see:</div>
<div class='line'>The law of life, the end of sin!</div>
<div class='line'>Our God's economy.</div>
<div class='line'>Since all His work was finished there,</div>
<div class='line'>He entered into rest;</div>
<div class='line'>Now on the throne He prays that we</div>
<div class='line'>Will take our full bequest.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>6</b> We'll drop our former concepts, Lord,</div>
<div class='line'>To take this finished way;</div>
<div class='line'>Appropriating each bequest,</div>
<div class='line'>We'll praise You more each day.</div>
<div class='line'>We'll heed our High Priest's inward call -</div>
<div class='line'>"Come forward!" to the end -</div>
<div class='line'>Until we reach the final goal;</div>
<div class='line'>The New Jerusalem!</div>
</div>
<div style='height:40px'></div>
</body></html>
