<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=UTF-8"/>
<title>Hymn 1190</title>
<link href='../stylesheet.css' rel='stylesheet' type='text/css'/>
</head>
<body>
<div style='text-align:center'>
<a href='1189.xhtml' class='hidden_a'><b> &lt; </b></a>
<a href='../nav/nav_0000.xhtml' class='hidden_a'>
E<b>1190</b> C<b>-</b> K<b>-</b> S<b>-</b>
</a>
 <a href='1191.xhtml' class='hidden_a'><b> &gt; </b></a>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>1</b> O Lord, You've called to us, and Canaan we would win,</div>
<div class='line'>To be Your corporate man and dwell with You therein;</div>
<div class='line'>But how the darkness of this world does hold us in -</div>
<div class='line'>O Lord, appear to us, we pray.</div>
</div>
<div class='chorus'>
<div class='line'>O Lord, appear to us today;</div>
<div class='line'>We see this is the only way.</div>
<div class='line'>The idols to forsake</div>
<div class='line'>And Canaan land partake,</div>
<div class='line'>O Lord, appear to us today.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>2</b> O God of glory, shine; draw and we'll follow You.</div>
<div class='line'>Our strength and motive be, it's nothing we could do.</div>
<div class='line'>Your light attracts us, Lord, 'til all else fades from view -</div>
<div class='line'>O Lord, do shine on us, we pray.</div>
</div>
<div class='chorus'>
<div class='line'>O Lord, do shine on us today;</div>
<div class='line'>Till all our background fades away,</div>
<div class='line'>Till You alone we see,</div>
<div class='line'>Shining so gloriously -</div>
<div class='line'>O Lord, do shine on us today.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>3</b> In Your appearing, Lord, we have Your speaking clear;</div>
<div class='line'>Your word empowers us and drives away all fear.</div>
<div class='line'>So, Lord, keep calling us, Your voice we need to hear.</div>
<div class='line'>O Lord, do speak to us, we pray.</div>
</div>
<div class='chorus'>
<div class='line'>O Lord, do speak in us today;</div>
<div class='line'>You know the words You need to say.</div>
<div class='line'>To open all our heart,</div>
<div class='line'>Your very Self impart.</div>
<div class='line'>O Lord, do speak in us today.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>4</b> O Lord, it's not of us, we've seen it's all of You;</div>
<div class='line'>You are the calling One, Originator too!</div>
<div class='line'>We can receive this call by our beholding You -</div>
<div class='line'>O God of glory, come, we pray.</div>
</div>
<div class='chorus'>
<div class='line'>O God of glory, come today;</div>
<div class='line'>We've seen this is the only way</div>
<div class='line'>To answer Your dear call</div>
<div class='line'>That You might be our all -</div>
<div class='line'>O God of glory, come today.</div>
</div>
<div style='height:40px'></div>
</body></html>
