<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=UTF-8"/>
<title>Hymn 1192</title>
<link href='../stylesheet.css' rel='stylesheet' type='text/css'/>
</head>
<body>
<div style='text-align:center'>
<a href='1191.xhtml' class='hidden_a'><b> &lt; </b></a>
<a href='../nav/nav_0000.xhtml' class='hidden_a'>
E<b>1192</b> C<b>-</b> K<b>-</b> S<b>-</b>
</a>
 <a href='1193.xhtml' class='hidden_a'><b> &gt; </b></a>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>1</b> Chapter one of Genesis:</div>
<div class='line'>Life is God's one emphasis,</div>
<div class='line'>Showing Christ subjectively,</div>
<div class='line'>Step by step He grows in me.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>2</b> Just as earth became a waste,</div>
<div class='line'>Death and darkness once I faced.</div>
<div class='line'>God had judged, no light did shine;</div>
<div class='line'>Hollowness and void were mine.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>3</b> Satan's fall had filled the seas</div>
<div class='line'>With corruption, sin, disease.</div>
<div class='line'>Yet the Spirit brooded o'er</div>
<div class='line'>The abyss: chaos no more!</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>4</b> God then spoke: the air was cleared!</div>
<div class='line'>Darkness which I once had feared</div>
<div class='line'>Was dispelled by God's own light.</div>
<div class='line'>A new day! No longer night!</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>5</b> As the light began to shine</div>
<div class='line'>His discernment became mine.</div>
<div class='line'>I began to see aright;</div>
<div class='line'>God divided dark from light.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>6</b> Then the waters He did split;</div>
<div class='line'>An expanse between them fit,</div>
<div class='line'>Earthly things from heavenly,</div>
<div class='line'>Separated hence they'd be.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>7</b> On the third day God designed</div>
<div class='line'>That the waters be confined.</div>
<div class='line'>In our lives dry land must be;</div>
<div class='line'>No more death and no more sea!</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>8</b> God commands: death's water halt!</div>
<div class='line'>Christ, the good land, we exalt!</div>
<div class='line'>Separated from all strife</div>
<div class='line'>We enjoy Christ as our life.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>9</b> Growing in us inwardly;</div>
<div class='line'>Grass, then herb, then fruitful tree.</div>
<div class='line'>We begin as but a blade;</div>
<div class='line'>Soon our being He'll pervade.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>10</b> Then the fourth day lights He set;</div>
<div class='line'>Bearers these, more definite.</div>
<div class='line'>Richer light to radiate,</div>
<div class='line'>Higher life to generate.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>11</b> Sun, the greater light we see</div>
<div class='line'>Ruling day triumphantly;</div>
<div class='line'>Yet when darkness fills the skies,</div>
<div class='line'>Waxing moon is on the rise!</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>12</b> 'Tis the Church she typifies;</div>
<div class='line'>For her light on Christ relies.</div>
<div class='line'>In His image meant to be,</div>
<div class='line'>She reflects Christ perfectly.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>13</b> Lastly, precious stars He placed,</div>
<div class='line'>Strong in spirit, full of grace;</div>
<div class='line'>Shining when the moon seems faint,</div>
<div class='line'>These are overcoming saints.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>14</b> What a glorious picture here:</div>
<div class='line'>Sun and moon and stars appear!</div>
<div class='line'>Lord, our prayer is that we'd be</div>
<div class='line'>Full of light and life in Thee.</div>
</div>
<div style='height:40px'></div>
</body></html>
