<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=UTF-8"/>
<title>Hymn 1193</title>
<link href='../stylesheet.css' rel='stylesheet' type='text/css'/>
</head>
<body>
<div style='text-align:center'>
<a href='1192.xhtml' class='hidden_a'><b> &lt; </b></a>
<a href='../nav/nav_0000.xhtml' class='hidden_a'>
E<b>1193</b> C<b>-</b> K<b>-</b> S<b>223</b>
</a>
 <a href='1194.xhtml' class='hidden_a'><b> &gt; </b></a>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>1</b> Life is God the Father in Christ Jesus</div>
<div class='line'>As the Spirit flowing into us.</div>
<div class='line'>How enjoyable, this Person wonderful!</div>
<div class='line'>He's our life so rich and bountiful.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>2</b> We experienced regeneration</div>
<div class='line'>When we opened to this living One.</div>
<div class='line'>We were born again; another life came in.</div>
<div class='line'>Now it floods us till we're full of Him.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>3</b> He within us is the living Spirit</div>
<div class='line'>In our spirit, flowing out of it</div>
<div class='line'>Into all our heart, transforming every part</div>
<div class='line'>By the life which He Himself imparts.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>4</b> Now He must have our cooperation.</div>
<div class='line'>We must set our mind upon the Son.</div>
<div class='line'>We must turn away from all that leads astray,</div>
<div class='line'>Till our mind is set on Him each day.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>5</b> Lord, our human spirit now contains You.</div>
<div class='line'>Still Your purpose in us You would do;</div>
<div class='line'>If our wandering mind would leave old thoughts behind,</div>
<div class='line'>Then Your life and peace in it we'll find.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>6</b> Lord, we would our every thought be captured</div>
<div class='line'>By the rich enjoyment in Your Word.</div>
<div class='line'>In it we're supplied, our mind there will abide,</div>
<div class='line'>Till our thoughts are wholly sanctified.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>7</b> Let's keep practicing the application</div>
<div class='line'>Of this life by minding just the Son.</div>
<div class='line'>Praise Him for the way to live by Him today!</div>
<div class='line'>Lord, on You our minds will ever stay.</div>
</div>
<div style='height:40px'></div>
</body></html>
