<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=UTF-8"/>
<title>Hymn 1194</title>
<link href='../stylesheet.css' rel='stylesheet' type='text/css'/>
</head>
<body>
<div style='text-align:center'>
<a href='1193.xhtml' class='hidden_a'><b> &lt; </b></a>
<a href='../nav/nav_0000.xhtml' class='hidden_a'>
E<b>1194</b> C<b>-</b> K<b>-</b> S<b>-</b>
</a>
 <a href='1195.xhtml' class='hidden_a'><b> &gt; </b></a>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>1</b> There are two lines to live by in our living today -</div>
<div class='line'>One the life line to bring us into Christ all the way.</div>
<div class='line'>But the other is knowledge which will make us die;</div>
<div class='line'>We must be very careful on which line we abide.</div>
</div>
<div class='chorus'>
<div class='line'>Oh, we'll stay on God's life line, never turning aside.</div>
<div class='line'>We don't care for vain knowledge, which will cause us to die.</div>
<div class='line'>Lord, we'll touch You by calling on Your name each day;</div>
<div class='line'>Living in Your appearing, in Your presence we'll stay.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>2</b> Lord, we would be as Abel, fully contacting You;</div>
<div class='line'>Not by knowledge or concept, but by life fresh and new.</div>
<div class='line'>Just as Enosh began to call upon Your name,</div>
<div class='line'>And as Enoch who walked with You, we'll do just the same.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>3</b> Keep us living and walking as did old Abraham;</div>
<div class='line'>In Your holy appearing to be transfused like him.</div>
<div class='line'>As did Isaac and Jacob, Moses lived this way -</div>
<div class='line'>So dependent upon Your presence with him each day.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>4</b> Full enjoyment had David, ate the life-giving tree.</div>
<div class='line'>Daniel prayed to his God and lived by Him constantly.</div>
<div class='line'>Jesus lived by the Father to be life complete;</div>
<div class='line'>Now as His living Body of the life tree we'll eat.</div>
</div>
<div style='height:40px'></div>
</body></html>
