<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=UTF-8"/>
<title>Hymn 1195</title>
<link href='../stylesheet.css' rel='stylesheet' type='text/css'/>
</head>
<body>
<div style='text-align:center'>
<a href='1194.xhtml' class='hidden_a'><b> &lt; </b></a>
<a href='../nav/nav_0000.xhtml' class='hidden_a'>
E<b>1195</b> C<b>-</b> K<b>-</b> S<b>285</b>
</a>
 <a href='1196.xhtml' class='hidden_a'><b> &gt; </b></a>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>1</b> Life is mysterious, life is God Himself,</div>
<div class='line'>Whose whole intention focuses on man.</div>
<div class='line'>God made him to take in the tree of life,</div>
<div class='line'>To have a man of life for His own plan.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>2</b> But man was tempted and seduced to sin,</div>
<div class='line'>By taking knowledge from the other source.</div>
<div class='line'>This man then fell as knowledge entered in</div>
<div class='line'>And dominated him with all its force.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>3</b> This knowledge has developed in the man</div>
<div class='line'>Into the human culture on the earth.</div>
<div class='line'>So man, created to fulfill God's plan,</div>
<div class='line'>Became a failure full of Satan's dearth.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>4</b> Then God came in the Person of the Son;</div>
<div class='line'>Lived He on earth, Christ Jesus was His name -</div>
<div class='line'>A living model so that everyone</div>
<div class='line'>Could live by life, God's fullness to obtain.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>5</b> This God-man, Christ, went to the cross and died,</div>
<div class='line'>By death He ended knowledge, the old man.</div>
<div class='line'>Things negative forever crucified,</div>
<div class='line'>Death He subdued, a new life He began!</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>6</b> From death He resurrected and became</div>
<div class='line'>The living Spirit to give life to us.</div>
<div class='line'>When we believe and call upon His name;</div>
<div class='line'>This living Spirit comes to dwell in us.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>7</b> By this the very Triune God is now</div>
<div class='line'>The living Spirit mingling deep within.</div>
<div class='line'>Our spirit joins in oneness; this is how</div>
<div class='line'>We are one spirit evermore with Him.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>8</b> 'Tis by this Spirit that we walk and act,</div>
<div class='line'>We have our being, think, and see all things;</div>
<div class='line'>We're now within this Spirit! What a fact!</div>
<div class='line'>This Spirit to us all God's fullness brings!</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>9</b> So now we have to set our mind on Him;</div>
<div class='line'>Each day, each hour, our mind on Him must be;</div>
<div class='line'>That by this Spirit we'd be saved within</div>
<div class='line'>By life and reign in life eternally.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>10</b> 'Tis by this Spirit that we shall be freed</div>
<div class='line'>From Sin whose law inside us death would bring.</div>
<div class='line'>Our mortal bodies will have life indeed;</div>
<div class='line'>Thus sanctified we'll be in everything.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>11</b> This Spirit shall transform our natural life,</div>
<div class='line'>Save us from self, build us in one new man,</div>
<div class='line'>Till we're conformed to be like Jesus Christ,</div>
<div class='line'>Thus finishing our God's eternal plan.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>12</b> Life is our God and life is Christ our Lord.</div>
<div class='line'>Life is the Spirit. Life's the only way -</div>
<div class='line'>Till we're transfigured and redeemed to God.</div>
<div class='line'>We're waiting, looking forward to that day!</div>
</div>
<div style='height:40px'></div>
</body></html>
