<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=UTF-8"/>
<title>Hymn 1200</title>
<link href='../stylesheet.css' rel='stylesheet' type='text/css'/>
</head>
<body>
<div style='text-align:center'>
<a href='1199.xhtml' class='hidden_a'><b> &lt; </b></a>
<a href='../nav/nav_0000.xhtml' class='hidden_a'>
E<b>1200</b> C<b>-</b> K<b>-</b> S<b>-</b>
</a>
 <a href='1201.xhtml' class='hidden_a'><b> &gt; </b></a>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>1</b> There's a stormy wind a-blowing from the north;</div>
<div class='line'>Let it blow! Let it blow!</div>
<div class='line'>God as our exp'rience will the wind bring forth;</div>
<div class='line'>Let it blow! Let it blow!</div>
</div>
<div class='chorus'>
<div class='line'>Let it blow! the rushing mighty wind;</div>
<div class='line'>Let it blow us into life!</div>
<div class='line'>Let it blow! the gracious wind of God;</div>
<div class='line'>Let it blow us into Christ!</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>2</b> There's a hov'ring cloud a-following the wind,</div>
<div class='line'>Covering us! Covering us!</div>
<div class='line'>And the presence of the Lord the cloud does bring,</div>
<div class='line'>Covering us! Covering us!</div>
</div>
<div class='chorus'>
<div class='line'>Covering us, God's overshadowing cloud -</div>
<div class='line'>God has come to stay with us.</div>
<div class='line'>Covering us, the gracious cloud of God -</div>
<div class='line'>Strength and comfort glorious!</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>3</b> With the cloud continually a fire does flash</div>
<div class='line'>Burning us! Burning us!</div>
<div class='line'>It exposes sin, the soul life, and the flesh,</div>
<div class='line'>Burning us! Burning us!</div>
</div>
<div class='chorus'>
<div class='line'>Let it burn! the jealous flame of God;</div>
<div class='line'>Let it burn continually!</div>
<div class='line'>Let it burn! this all-consuming flame;</div>
<div class='line'>Let it burn us thoroughly!</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>4</b> Then from out the fire does the electrum glow,</div>
<div class='line'>Shining forth! Shining forth!</div>
<div class='line'>The redeeming God does our experience show,</div>
<div class='line'>Shining forth! Shining forth!</div>
</div>
<div class='chorus'>
<div class='line'>Let Him shine! This gold and silver One;</div>
<div class='line'>Let Him shine for all to see!</div>
<div class='line'>'Tis the Lamb-God who has now become</div>
<div class='line'>Our enjoyment inwardly.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>5</b> Let the wind, cloud, fire and th' electrum be</div>
<div class='line'>Wrought in us, o'er and o'er;</div>
<div class='line'>Let this cycle be repeated constantly</div>
<div class='line'>More and more, more and more!</div>
</div>
<div class='chorus'>
<div class='line'>Blow and hover, burn and shine forth, Lord,</div>
<div class='line'>All our being to possess,</div>
<div class='line'>That we all may gain Thee constantly</div>
<div class='line'>All Thy likeness to express.</div>
</div>
<div style='height:40px'></div>
</body></html>
