<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=UTF-8"/>
<title>Hymn 1201</title>
<link href='../stylesheet.css' rel='stylesheet' type='text/css'/>
</head>
<body>
<div style='text-align:center'>
<a href='1200.xhtml' class='hidden_a'><b> &lt; </b></a>
<a href='../nav/nav_0000.xhtml' class='hidden_a'>
E<b>1201</b> C<b>-</b> K<b>-</b> S<b>-</b>
</a>
 <a href='1202.xhtml' class='hidden_a'><b> &gt; </b></a>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>1</b> From the north where God is dwelling</div>
<div class='line'>Comes a rushing, stormy gale.</div>
<div class='line'>Now the mighty Spirit blowing</div>
<div class='line'>All our being does assail.</div>
<div class='line'>We are stirred to our foundations -</div>
<div class='line'>How this wind awakens us!</div>
<div class='line'>Thus we're open for God's dealings,</div>
<div class='line'>And the cloud descends on us.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>2</b> With the cloud we have His presence</div>
<div class='line'>Sweetly hov'ring over us;</div>
<div class='line'>So enveloped by His nearness;</div>
<div class='line'>In the Lord we put our trust.</div>
<div class='line'>But the cloud brings with it fire</div>
<div class='line'>To consume our selfish lusts;</div>
<div class='line'>That as ashes something higher</div>
<div class='line'>May be added into us.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>3</b> Then from out the flashing fire</div>
<div class='line'>Comes th' electrum glowing bright.</div>
<div class='line'>God as gold and man as silver</div>
<div class='line'>Now are mingled. What a sight!</div>
<div class='line'>This bright metal, O Lord Jesus,</div>
<div class='line'>Is Thyself, Lamb-God sublime.</div>
<div class='line'>O Lord, work Thyself within us</div>
<div class='line'>Till th' electrum in us shines.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>4</b> By our passing through this cycle,</div>
<div class='line'>Living creatures we become</div>
<div class='line'>To express the life of Jesus;</div>
<div class='line'>He with whom we've been made one.</div>
<div class='line'>We express Him as a human,</div>
<div class='line'>As a man so good and fine;</div>
<div class='line'>Balanced, normal, never striving;</div>
<div class='line'>Fully human, yet divine.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>5</b> We express Him as a lion</div>
<div class='line'>Conquering every enemy;</div>
<div class='line'>As an ox obedient, lowly,</div>
<div class='line'>Faithful in His ministry.</div>
<div class='line'>We express Him as an eagle,</div>
<div class='line'>So transcendent, soaring high;</div>
<div class='line'>Never held by fear or flatter,</div>
<div class='line'>He above it all does fly.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>6</b> Hallelujah! What a figure</div>
<div class='line'>Of the way God deals with us!</div>
<div class='line'>From the wind, cloud, fire, electrum,</div>
<div class='line'>To the creatures glorious:</div>
<div class='line'>As the man, the ox and lion,</div>
<div class='line'>As the eagle - all the four</div>
<div class='line'>Will be our complete expression</div>
<div class='line'>As we eat Him more and more.</div>
</div>
<div style='height:40px'></div>
</body></html>
