<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=UTF-8"/>
<title>Hymn 1202</title>
<link href='../stylesheet.css' rel='stylesheet' type='text/css'/>
</head>
<body>
<div style='text-align:center'>
<a href='1201.xhtml' class='hidden_a'><b> &lt; </b></a>
<a href='../nav/nav_0000.xhtml' class='hidden_a'>
E<b>1202</b> C<b>-</b> K<b>-</b> S<b>-</b>
</a>
 <a href='1203.xhtml' class='hidden_a'><b> &gt; </b></a>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>1</b> God in His justifying has a plan,</div>
<div class='line'>A deeper purpose for a corporate man.</div>
<div class='line'>When we were called, this mighty Lord of all</div>
<div class='line'>Appeared to us to save us from the fall.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>2</b> We walked as strangers unaware of Him,</div>
<div class='line'>But in His glory God shined deep within,</div>
<div class='line'>Infusing His own element in us;</div>
<div class='line'>This precious essence was our Lord Jesus.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>3</b> What glory! How attractive was this light!</div>
<div class='line'>How we appreciated such a sight!</div>
<div class='line'>Our first reaction was belief in Him -</div>
<div class='line'>This precious God has placed Himself within.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>4</b> Our first reflection of this element</div>
<div class='line'>Reflected Jesus back to God, Who sent</div>
<div class='line'>His own response to count as righteousness</div>
<div class='line'>Our faith in Him Who was infused in us.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>5</b> But we would hold to this reality,</div>
<div class='line'>Our Jesus Christ in us our all to be,</div>
<div class='line'>Enjoying all He is abundantly,</div>
<div class='line'>Content to have this One eternally.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>6</b> Thus God could never be so satisfied;</div>
<div class='line'>Knowing that we cared only to abide</div>
<div class='line'>In our experiences of His Son,</div>
<div class='line'>Not caring for His goal to make us one.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>7</b> Still He would seek those faithful saints who'd hear</div>
<div class='line'>His call to give up everything so dear,</div>
<div class='line'>To offer up their individual Christ;</div>
<div class='line'>To come together for the Body life.</div>
</div>
<div style='height:40px'></div>
</body></html>
