<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=UTF-8"/>
<title>Hymn 1203</title>
<link href='../stylesheet.css' rel='stylesheet' type='text/css'/>
</head>
<body>
<div style='text-align:center'>
<a href='1202.xhtml' class='hidden_a'><b> &lt; </b></a>
<a href='../nav/nav_0000.xhtml' class='hidden_a'>
E<b>1203</b> C<b>-</b> K<b>-</b> S<b>-</b>
</a>
 <a href='1204.xhtml' class='hidden_a'><b> &gt; </b></a>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>1</b> God is righteous in His doings,</div>
<div class='line'>He is perfect in His ways;</div>
<div class='line'>Just is He in all His actions,</div>
<div class='line'>And He well deserves our praise.</div>
<div class='line'>Righteous was His condemnation,</div>
<div class='line'>Righteous His requirement;</div>
<div class='line'>For the law had deemed us sinners,</div>
<div class='line'>And for judgment we were meant.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>2</b> Oh, how blest the love that spared us,</div>
<div class='line'>For the law had judged us dead.</div>
<div class='line'>God, to meet the righteous judgment,</div>
<div class='line'>Passed it on His Son instead.</div>
<div class='line'>Hallelujah! Our Redeemer,</div>
<div class='line'>Christ, to God has purchased us;</div>
<div class='line'>Now enjoying His redemption,</div>
<div class='line'>We become God's righteousness.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>3</b> God is holy in His nature,</div>
<div class='line'>Holiness is what He is.</div>
<div class='line'>In this way He sanctified us,</div>
<div class='line'>Makes our nature one with His.</div>
<div class='line'>Spreading from our quickened spirit,</div>
<div class='line'>He renews each inward part,</div>
<div class='line'>Moving into all our being,</div>
<div class='line'>Making home in all our heart.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>4</b> Oh, how blessed is this process!</div>
<div class='line'>It's the Lord's life-saving way.</div>
<div class='line'>It's our constant, real experience;</div>
<div class='line'>It's our life from day to day.</div>
<div class='line'>As we're minding just the spirit,</div>
<div class='line'>Then the mind is life to us,</div>
<div class='line'>And the Lord in us is gaining</div>
<div class='line'>Transformation marvelous!</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>5</b> Glory is God's true expression,</div>
<div class='line'>All He is, in full, expressed;</div>
<div class='line'>Final stage of our redemption,</div>
<div class='line'>Bodily made manifest.</div>
<div class='line'>Glory is the consummation</div>
<div class='line'>Of this life which sanctifies;</div>
<div class='line'>Our complete transfiguration</div>
<div class='line'>Is the goal which life supplies.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>6</b> 'Tis for this we wait, expecting</div>
<div class='line'>To be raptured, glorified.</div>
<div class='line'>Then the earth will see God's fullness;</div>
<div class='line'>Christ completely testified.</div>
<div class='line'>We fore'er will just express Him,</div>
<div class='line'>Nature will rejoice to see</div>
<div class='line'>All the sons of God in glory</div>
<div class='line'>Manifested finally.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>7</b> By His mercy, we're selected,</div>
<div class='line'>Ours a glorious destiny.</div>
<div class='line'>Not by running, nor by willing,</div>
<div class='line'>But through God's own sovereignty.</div>
<div class='line'>Once we were wild olive branches,</div>
<div class='line'>Now the root and fat partake,</div>
<div class='line'>Grafted in, rejoice together,</div>
<div class='line'>Growing for the kingdom's sake.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>8</b> As we're daily in this process</div>
<div class='line'>And by life are sanctified,</div>
<div class='line'>How we thank Him for the blessing</div>
<div class='line'>Of the church life He's supplied.</div>
<div class='line'>Here God is our full enjoyment,</div>
<div class='line'>Practical and real to us;</div>
<div class='line'>Sons we are, and heirs together,</div>
<div class='line'>In the church life, glorious!</div>
</div>
<div style='height:40px'></div>
</body></html>
