<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=UTF-8"/>
<title>Hymn 1207</title>
<link href='../stylesheet.css' rel='stylesheet' type='text/css'/>
</head>
<body>
<div style='text-align:center'>
<a href='1206.xhtml' class='hidden_a'><b> &lt; </b></a>
<a href='../nav/nav_0000.xhtml' class='hidden_a'>
E<b>1207</b> C<b>-</b> K<b>793</b> S<b>-</b>
</a>
 <a href='1208.xhtml' class='hidden_a'><b> &gt; </b></a>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>1</b> There's a way before us and a race to run -</div>
<div class='line'>Christ our way, Christ our way!</div>
<div class='line'>Turn away from everything distracting us -</div>
<div class='line'>Run the race, run the race!</div>
<div class='line'>From the altar through the Holy Place,</div>
<div class='line'>Through the veil into our God,</div>
<div class='line'>To the law of life within the ark;</div>
<div class='line'>'Tis the goal, our great reward.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>2</b> There's a cloud of witnesses surrounding us,</div>
<div class='line'>Urging us, forward come!</div>
<div class='line'>There is Abel, Enoch, Jacob, Abraham,</div>
<div class='line'>Moses, David, Solomon.</div>
<div class='line'>John the Baptist greater than them all,</div>
<div class='line'>Even he bids forward come!</div>
<div class='line'>These all died in faith, receiving not</div>
<div class='line'>Promises that were to come.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>3</b> The Old Testament believers give the call,</div>
<div class='line'>"Forward come, forward come!"</div>
<div class='line'>For complete perfection they depend on us</div>
<div class='line'>Going on! Going on!</div>
<div class='line'>We are at the consummation now</div>
<div class='line'>Of our God's economy;</div>
<div class='line'>Better things we are experiencing.</div>
<div class='line'>Praise the Lord - reality!</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>4</b> E'en the least of us is greater than their great.</div>
<div class='line'>We're not small, we're not small!</div>
<div class='line'>They are waiting, watching, and expecting us.</div>
<div class='line'>"Forward come!" hear their call!</div>
<div class='line'>They have run the race and for their sakes</div>
<div class='line'>We'll obey the law of life.</div>
<div class='line'>Till the day we'll all be joined in one</div>
<div class='line'>To express God's glorious Christ.</div>
</div>
<div style='height:40px'></div>
</body></html>
