<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=UTF-8"/>
<title>Hymn 1209</title>
<link href='../stylesheet.css' rel='stylesheet' type='text/css'/>
</head>
<body>
<div style='text-align:center'>
<a href='1208.xhtml' class='hidden_a'><b> &lt; </b></a>
<a href='../nav/nav_0000.xhtml' class='hidden_a'>
E<b>1209</b> C<b>-</b> K<b>-</b> S<b>-</b>
</a>
 <a href='1210.xhtml' class='hidden_a'><b> &gt; </b></a>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>1</b> Praise God for tidings glad -</div>
<div class='line'>We're at the throne of grace;</div>
<div class='line'>Our gospel's not so low,</div>
<div class='line'>We're in the highest place.</div>
<div class='line'>We're meeting here around the throne,</div>
<div class='line'>Enjoying God with all His own.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>2</b> Start in the outer court,</div>
<div class='line'>But aim to get inside;</div>
<div class='line'>The Holy Place is good,</div>
<div class='line'>But do not there abide.</div>
<div class='line'>Leave sin behind - it's put away;</div>
<div class='line'>We're in the veil with God to stay.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>3</b> To rise from earth to heav'n,</div>
<div class='line'>A deeper turn we need;</div>
<div class='line'>To be where Christ is now</div>
<div class='line'>Upon the throne indeed.</div>
<div class='line'>We're gathered at the throne of grace,</div>
<div class='line'>Beholding Jesus face to face.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>4</b> We're being turned as one,</div>
<div class='line'>Not individually;</div>
<div class='line'>Not private Christians now.</div>
<div class='line'>But Body Christians we.</div>
<div class='line'>As members here in one accord,</div>
<div class='line'>We are the Body of the Lord.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>5</b> As Body Christians now</div>
<div class='line'>We have a higher word.</div>
<div class='line'>Foundation's word we see,</div>
<div class='line'>'Tis altar, cross, and blood.</div>
<div class='line'>Perfection's word is little known,</div>
<div class='line'>'Tis fellowship around the throne.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>6</b> Christ is objective too,</div>
<div class='line'>But subjective are we</div>
<div class='line'>In our experience;</div>
<div class='line'>Our spirit is the key.</div>
<div class='line'>God, throne, and holiest - we see</div>
<div class='line'>Our spirit now contains all three.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>7</b> Leviticus is past,</div>
<div class='line'>And Aaron's work is o'er;</div>
<div class='line'>Melchisedec is here,</div>
<div class='line'>High Priest forevermore;</div>
<div class='line'>His ministry is now so fine:</div>
<div class='line'>He comes to feed us bread and wine.</div>
</div>
<div style='height:40px'></div>
</body></html>
