<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=UTF-8"/>
<title>Hymn 1210</title>
<link href='../stylesheet.css' rel='stylesheet' type='text/css'/>
</head>
<body>
<div style='text-align:center'>
<a href='1209.xhtml' class='hidden_a'><b> &lt; </b></a>
<a href='../nav/nav_0000.xhtml' class='hidden_a'>
E<b>1210</b> C<b>-</b> K<b>-</b> S<b>-</b>
</a>
 <a href='1211.xhtml' class='hidden_a'><b> &gt; </b></a>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>1</b> Through God's word, my hope at His returning</div>
<div class='line'>Is that all my being be redeemed;</div>
<div class='line'>Yet in times of grief and tribulation,</div>
<div class='line'>Doubt and fear arise, no hope is seen.</div>
<div class='line'>In those hours, when prayer cannot be uttered,</div>
<div class='line'>Only groaning from my breast is heard.</div>
<div class='line'>Then the Spirit, in like manner, helps me,</div>
<div class='line'>Praying in my weakness unto God.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>2</b> Lord, my prayer is not for deeper suffering,</div>
<div class='line'>But that from each trial I'd be free.</div>
<div class='line'>Let the cup of bitterness be taken;</div>
<div class='line'>Yet, Thy will, not mine, dear Lord, must be.</div>
<div class='line'>Even now, though trials sore surround me,</div>
<div class='line'>Still within my heart there is a peace,</div>
<div class='line'>For the love of God outpoured within me</div>
<div class='line'>Floods my heart and bids my doubting cease.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>3</b> Blest assurance! God has fully ordered</div>
<div class='line'>Every matter by His sovereign hand;</div>
<div class='line'>Every person (though we see so dimly),</div>
<div class='line'>Every thing's according to His plan.</div>
<div class='line'>Every trial is but the Father's answer</div>
<div class='line'>To the groaning of the Spirit's prayer;</div>
<div class='line'>May He gain in every tribulation,</div>
<div class='line'>Until we Christ's glory fully share.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>4</b> How could God from all His dealings spare us,</div>
<div class='line'>After He spared not His only Son?</div>
<div class='line'>Could the Potter's hand upon the vessel</div>
<div class='line'>Ever leave the shaping work undone?</div>
<div class='line'>For the center of God's heart's desire</div>
<div class='line'>Is that many brethren we will be</div>
<div class='line'>Unto Christ, His precious First-begotten,</div>
<div class='line'>And to Him, conformed we'll fully be.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>5</b> Heirs of God! Joint-heirs with our Lord Jesus!</div>
<div class='line'>What a hope of glory this for us!</div>
<div class='line'>Though the suff'rings presently seem grievous,</div>
<div class='line'>Greater far the glory then for us!</div>
<div class='line'>Yea, in all these things we more than conquer,</div>
<div class='line'>Through the One whose love has us possessed;</div>
<div class='line'>Soon the day for which waits all creation,</div>
<div class='line'>When the sons of God are manifest!</div>
</div>
<div style='height:40px'></div>
</body></html>
