<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=UTF-8"/>
<title>Hymn 1211</title>
<link href='../stylesheet.css' rel='stylesheet' type='text/css'/>
</head>
<body>
<div style='text-align:center'>
<a href='1210.xhtml' class='hidden_a'><b> &lt; </b></a>
<a href='../nav/nav_0000.xhtml' class='hidden_a'>
E<b>1211</b> C<b>-</b> K<b>-</b> S<b>-</b>
</a>
 <a href='1212.xhtml' class='hidden_a'><b> &gt; </b></a>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>1</b> Given us, given us, God has given us</div>
<div class='line'>Precious faith, power divine, greatest promises.</div>
<div class='line'>We believed, we received, now we have all three;</div>
<div class='line'>By these we may grow unto maturity.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>2</b> Precious faith in each saint, precious equally,</div>
<div class='line'>Precious faith holding us, holding ceaselessly.</div>
<div class='line'>Disagree or agree, still it holds us fast,</div>
<div class='line'>Day by day, eternally this faith shall last.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>3</b> Power divine wrought in us is the source so great;</div>
<div class='line'>Power divine is in us now to operate.</div>
<div class='line'>Hence will spring everything for our life within</div>
<div class='line'>And for godliness without, expressing Him.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>4</b> Promises, promises, all God's called ones share;</div>
<div class='line'>Promises, given us, great and precious are.</div>
<div class='line'>These we take to partake of God's nature true,</div>
<div class='line'>Having thus escaped the world's corruption too.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>5</b> Christ within, as the pow'r, in our spirit lives;</div>
<div class='line'>Christ without is the Word - all God's promises.</div>
<div class='line'>Now the key is that we daily contact both,</div>
<div class='line'>Calling, praying, reading to produce the growth.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>6</b> Faith and pow'r, promises - these our full supply.</div>
<div class='line'>Diligence, diligence, let us now apply;</div>
<div class='line'>For if we, to these three, full attention show</div>
<div class='line'>From the seed of faith the fruit of love will grow.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>7</b> In the growth from the seed many items come;</div>
<div class='line'>By this growth in the Lord fruitful we become.</div>
<div class='line'>For this we need to see what the Lord's begun,</div>
<div class='line'>Ne'er forgetful be nor blind to what He's done.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>8</b> Diligence day by day will this growth insure;</div>
<div class='line'>Diligence thus will make our election sure.</div>
<div class='line'>When indeed with this seed we cooperate,</div>
<div class='line'>We're supplied the kingdom's entrance, rich and great.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>9</b> For this growth, for this growth, Lord, ourselves we give,</div>
<div class='line'>By the faith, promises, and the pow'r to live.</div>
<div class='line'>Nothing more, nothing less, will our basis be</div>
<div class='line'>By Thy grace we will cooperate with Thee.</div>
</div>
<div style='height:40px'></div>
</body></html>
