<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=UTF-8"/>
<title>Hymn 1222</title>
<link href='../stylesheet.css' rel='stylesheet' type='text/css'/>
</head>
<body>
<div style='text-align:center'>
<a href='1221.xhtml' class='hidden_a'><b> &lt; </b></a>
<a href='../nav/nav_0000.xhtml' class='hidden_a'>
E<b>1222</b> C<b>s16</b> K<b>-</b> S<b>370</b>
</a>
 <a href='1223.xhtml' class='hidden_a'><b> &gt; </b></a>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>1</b> Sing aloud your praises to the Lord of all,</div>
<div class='line'>Now He is dwelling in Jerusalem.</div>
<div class='line'>Tell among us all His doings great and small,</div>
<div class='line'>His throne, the heavens, yet He walks with men.</div>
<div class='line'>Oh, the salvation out of Zion comes;</div>
<div class='line'>He brought us back from our captivity.</div>
<div class='line'>Now we rejoice and are exceeding glad;</div>
<div class='line'>Now we rejoice and are exceeding glad!</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>2</b> In the Holy City with His own He dwells;</div>
<div class='line'>O Lord, our Lord how excellent Thy name!</div>
<div class='line'>He's enthroned upon the praises of His saints;</div>
<div class='line'>All His delight in Zion does remain.</div>
<div class='line'>The local churches are His move today -</div>
<div class='line'>He is our portion, we are satisfied.</div>
<div class='line'>Oh, what a goodly heritage have we;</div>
<div class='line'>Oh, what a goodly heritage have we!</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>3</b> Who shall in His holy tabernacle dwell,</div>
<div class='line'>Who shall ascend to His most holy hill?</div>
<div class='line'>Those who seek for Him and purify their heart;</div>
<div class='line'>This generation now that seeks His face.</div>
<div class='line'>Oh, seek His face, ye children of the earth,</div>
<div class='line'>Open your heart, and let the King come in.</div>
<div class='line'>He will come in, and He shall live and reign;</div>
<div class='line'>He will come in, and He shall live and reign!</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>4</b> Look! God's tabernacle now is with the saints;</div>
<div class='line'>Emmanuel - God with us, we proclaim.</div>
<div class='line'>Everything is done, so let His children come;</div>
<div class='line'>Christ and the church - where God and man are one!</div>
<div class='line'>Lift up your heads, ye cities of the earth;</div>
<div class='line'>Open your gates, and let the King come in.</div>
<div class='line'>Shout to His praise - He's coming in to reign!</div>
<div class='line'>Shout to His praise - He's coming in to reign!</div>
</div>
<div style='height:40px'></div>
</body></html>
