<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=UTF-8"/>
<title>Hymn 1223</title>
<link href='../stylesheet.css' rel='stylesheet' type='text/css'/>
</head>
<body>
<div style='text-align:center'>
<a href='1222.xhtml' class='hidden_a'><b> &lt; </b></a>
<a href='../nav/nav_0000.xhtml' class='hidden_a'>
E<b>1223</b> C<b>s506</b> K<b>-</b> S<b>371</b>
</a>
 <a href='1224.xhtml' class='hidden_a'><b> &gt; </b></a>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>1</b> O walk about, walk about Zion,</div>
<div class='line'>Go round about her in love.</div>
<div class='line'>O walk about, walk about Zion</div>
<div class='line'>And count the towers thereof.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>2</b> O set your heart on her bulwarks,</div>
<div class='line'>O set your heart on her walls,</div>
<div class='line'>O set your heart on her bulwarks,</div>
<div class='line'>Consider her palaces.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>3</b> In elevation how beauteous,</div>
<div class='line'>The joy of all the earth!</div>
<div class='line'>In elevation how beauteous</div>
<div class='line'>Is Zion, that city of worth!</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>4</b> O there is a river in Zion</div>
<div class='line'>That flows so deep and so broad.</div>
<div class='line'>O how the streams of that river</div>
<div class='line'>Make glad the city of God!</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>5</b> Praise waiteth for Thee, Lord, in Zion,</div>
<div class='line'>Praise waiteth, O God, for Thee,</div>
<div class='line'>Praise waiteth for Thee, Lord, in Zion,</div>
<div class='line'>For Zion is filled with Thee.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>6</b> How great the Lord is in Zion,</div>
<div class='line'>How greatly to be praised,</div>
<div class='line'>How great He is in that city</div>
<div class='line'>Which over the earth is raised.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>7</b> O bless the Lord out of Zion,</div>
<div class='line'>O let His praises swell,</div>
<div class='line'>O bless the Lord out of Zion,</div>
<div class='line'>Ye who in Jerusalem dwell.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>8</b> The Lord bless thee out of Zion,</div>
<div class='line'>The Lord bless thee o'er and o'er!</div>
<div class='line'>The Lord bless thee out of Zion</div>
<div class='line'>With life for evermore!</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>9</b> Behold how good and how pleasant</div>
<div class='line'>With all the brethren to be!</div>
<div class='line'>Behold how good and how pleasant</div>
<div class='line'>To dwell in unity!</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>10</b> O tell it to all generations,</div>
<div class='line'>O tell it to all who will come,</div>
<div class='line'>O tell it to all generations,</div>
<div class='line'>The Spirit and Bride say, "Come!"</div>
</div>
<div style='height:40px'></div>
</body></html>
