<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=UTF-8"/>
<title>Hymn 1226</title>
<link href='../stylesheet.css' rel='stylesheet' type='text/css'/>
</head>
<body>
<div style='text-align:center'>
<a href='1225.xhtml' class='hidden_a'><b> &lt; </b></a>
<a href='../nav/nav_0000.xhtml' class='hidden_a'>
E<b>1226</b> C<b>s508</b> K<b>998</b> S<b>373</b>
</a>
 <a href='1227.xhtml' class='hidden_a'><b> &gt; </b></a>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>1</b> Oh, the church of Christ is glorious,</div>
<div class='line'>and we are part of it -</div>
<div class='line'>We're so happy that the Lord has made us one!</div>
<div class='line'>There's a Body in the universe</div>
<div class='line'>and we belong to it -</div>
<div class='line'>Hallelujah, for the Lord has made us one!</div>
</div>
<div class='chorus'>
<div class='line'>Hallelujah for the Body!</div>
<div class='line'>We are members of the Body!</div>
<div class='line'>We are wholly for the Body!</div>
<div class='line'>Hallelujah, for the Lord has made us one!</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>2</b> Not the individual Christians,</div>
<div class='line'>but a corporate entity -</div>
<div class='line'>God must have it for His full expression now;</div>
<div class='line'>Not just individual churches</div>
<div class='line'>but the Body corporately -</div>
<div class='line'>Hallelujah, we are in the Body now!</div>
</div>
<div class='chorus'>
<div class='line'>Hallelujah for the Body!</div>
<div class='line'>Satan trembles at the Body!</div>
<div class='line'>We're victorious in the Body!</div>
<div class='line'>Hallelujah, we are in the Body now!</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>3</b> There are seven golden lampstands</div>
<div class='line'>in the nature all divine -</div>
<div class='line'>Nothing natural does the Body life allow.</div>
<div class='line'>When we're one and share God's nature,</div>
<div class='line'>how the lampstand then does shine -</div>
<div class='line'>Hallelujah, it is brightly shining now!</div>
</div>
<div class='chorus'>
<div class='line'>Hallelujah for the Body!</div>
<div class='line'>For the lampstands of the Body!</div>
<div class='line'>For the golden, shining Body!</div>
<div class='line'>Hallelujah, it is brightly shining now!</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>4</b> How may we express such oneness,</div>
<div class='line'>be divine and shining too?</div>
<div class='line'>Hallelujah, eating Jesus is the way!</div>
<div class='line'>He's the tree of life, the manna,</div>
<div class='line'>and the feast that's ever new -</div>
<div class='line'>Hallelujah, we may eat Him every day!</div>
</div>
<div class='chorus'>
<div class='line'>We are one by eating Jesus!</div>
<div class='line'>We're divine by eating Jesus!</div>
<div class='line'>How we shine by eating Jesus!</div>
<div class='line'>Hallelujah, eating Jesus is the way!</div>
</div>
<div style='height:40px'></div>
</body></html>
