<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=UTF-8"/>
<title>Hymn 1229</title>
<link href='../stylesheet.css' rel='stylesheet' type='text/css'/>
</head>
<body>
<div style='text-align:center'>
<a href='1228.xhtml' class='hidden_a'><b> &lt; </b></a>
<a href='../nav/nav_0000.xhtml' class='hidden_a'>
E<b>1229</b> C<b>-</b> K<b>-</b> S<b>374</b>
</a>
 <a href='1230.xhtml' class='hidden_a'><b> &gt; </b></a>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>1</b> The church is Christ's deep longing</div>
<div class='line'>And His good pleasure too.</div>
<div class='line'>His every word and action</div>
<div class='line'>Is made with her in view.</div>
<div class='line'>His heart's love is established,</div>
<div class='line'>And nought can Him deter;</div>
<div class='line'>Before the earth's foundation</div>
<div class='line'>His thoughts were filled with her.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>2</b> The eve of all creation</div>
<div class='line'>He mused on His delight,</div>
<div class='line'>And pondered every feature,</div>
<div class='line'>Well-pleasing in His sight.</div>
<div class='line'>Creation sprang to being,</div>
<div class='line'>But deep in Him did hide</div>
<div class='line'>A heart of depth unfathomed</div>
<div class='line'>Fixed on a glorious Bride.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>3</b> And thus His will was 'stablished</div>
<div class='line'>His counterpart to gain:</div>
<div class='line'>This blessed, firm intention,</div>
<div class='line'>Eternally the same.</div>
<div class='line'>Though sin should e'en beguile man,</div>
<div class='line'>Then mock his helpless state,</div>
<div class='line'>He never could forsake her,</div>
<div class='line'>His yearning ne'er abate.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>4</b> Then mercy richly flourished,</div>
<div class='line'>And love was, oh, so vast,</div>
<div class='line'>As graciously He sought her</div>
<div class='line'>With wisdom unsurpassed.</div>
<div class='line'>The love He gave to win her</div>
<div class='line'>God only comprehends!</div>
<div class='line'>His life laid down, an offering</div>
<div class='line'>Whose fragrance yet ascends.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>5</b> And now in resurrection</div>
<div class='line'>To her He draws most near,</div>
<div class='line'>And with untold affection</div>
<div class='line'>In glory does appear.</div>
<div class='line'>As she beholds her Bridegroom,</div>
<div class='line'>His glory floods her heart,</div>
<div class='line'>'Til she, His Bride, is raptured,</div>
<div class='line'>His longed-for counterpart.</div>
</div>
<div style='height:40px'></div>
</body></html>
