<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=UTF-8"/>
<title>Hymn 1232</title>
<link href='../stylesheet.css' rel='stylesheet' type='text/css'/>
</head>
<body>
<div style='text-align:center'>
<a href='1231.xhtml' class='hidden_a'><b> &lt; </b></a>
<a href='../nav/nav_0000.xhtml' class='hidden_a'>
E<b>1232</b> C<b>s616</b> K<b>796</b> S<b>376</b>
</a>
 <a href='1233.xhtml' class='hidden_a'><b> &gt; </b></a>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>1</b> Once by nature we were dead in sin,</div>
<div class='line'>In a world of utter discord;</div>
<div class='line'>But together God has quickened us,</div>
<div class='line'>Raised us up to sit together with the Lord.</div>
</div>
<div class='chorus'>
<div class='line'>Jesus is getting us together,</div>
<div class='line'>Come and see the saints in one accord.</div>
<div class='line'>His love is knitting us together,</div>
<div class='line'>To the stature of the fullness of the Lord.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>2</b> Thus with all saints we can apprehend,</div>
<div class='line'>All the vast dimensions of God.</div>
<div class='line'>Knowing Christ's love passes all we know.</div>
<div class='line'>We're together filled to fullness with our God.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>3</b> Now we know the purpose of our God,</div>
<div class='line'>Visible the mystery became:</div>
<div class='line'>Christ, the church, together now we see,</div>
<div class='line'>And together put the enemy to shame.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>4</b> For this cause we pray the Father God -</div>
<div class='line'>Strengthen Thou with might our inner man;</div>
<div class='line'>Make Yourself at home in all our hearts,</div>
<div class='line'>Root us, ground us in Your love and for Your plan.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>5</b> In the Body we'll be fitly framed</div>
<div class='line'>As the many members Christ supply;</div>
<div class='line'>Working in the measure of each part,</div>
<div class='line'>All by growth in love the Body edify.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>6</b> Now we're one His purpose to fulfill,</div>
<div class='line'>As the one new man of His plan.</div>
<div class='line'>Unto Him be glory in the church,</div>
<div class='line'>And in Jesus Christ forevermore - Amen!</div>
</div>
<div style='height:40px'></div>
</body></html>
