<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=UTF-8"/>
<title>Hymn 1237</title>
<link href='../stylesheet.css' rel='stylesheet' type='text/css'/>
</head>
<body>
<div style='text-align:center'>
<a href='1236.xhtml' class='hidden_a'><b> &lt; </b></a>
<a href='../nav/nav_0000.xhtml' class='hidden_a'>
E<b>1237</b> C<b>s712</b> K<b>-</b> S<b>379</b>
</a>
 <a href='1238.xhtml' class='hidden_a'><b> &gt; </b></a>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>1</b> Splendid church life! His green garden!</div>
<div class='line'>He has brought us, praise the Lord!</div>
<div class='line'>To experience the Christ Who's growing here!</div>
<div class='line'>He is full of rich enjoyment</div>
<div class='line'>to His saints in one accord;</div>
<div class='line'>He is new and fresh, available and dear!</div>
</div>
<div class='chorus'>
<div class='line'>I'm so happy in this lovely place,</div>
<div class='line'>In the garden growing in His grace!</div>
<div class='line'>There is no finer pleasure than to eat the living tree</div>
<div class='line'>And to get the living water into me.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>2</b> It is not a school or factory or a chapel in the air;</div>
<div class='line'>But a garden where our Lord can plant and sow.</div>
<div class='line'>So He's placed us all here corporately</div>
<div class='line'>to be his garden fair</div>
<div class='line'>Where He's free to cultivate and make us grow.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>3</b> Thus within the church-life garden</div>
<div class='line'>there's a fruit-producing tree</div>
<div class='line'>Full of life and so available to eat.</div>
<div class='line'>So be simple, don't be hardened,</div>
<div class='line'>drop your concepts - eat that tree!</div>
<div class='line'>Take in Jesus every moment - He's so sweet!</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>4</b> With the tree there is the water,</div>
<div class='line'>flowing God in Christ to us,</div>
<div class='line'>Quenching all our dryness, ending all our strife.</div>
<div class='line'>Hallelujah! In His garden Jesus flows Himself to us,</div>
<div class='line'>As the full supply for us to grow in life.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>5</b> Aren't you satisfied and thankful</div>
<div class='line'>that our Lord has brought you in</div>
<div class='line'>Where His pleasures and His riches flow so free?</div>
<div class='line'>So be happy and be joyful, in the spirit feast on Him,</div>
<div class='line'>So God's garden can bear fruit abundantly.</div>
</div>
<div style='height:40px'></div>
</body></html>
