<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=UTF-8"/>
<title>Hymn 1240</title>
<link href='../stylesheet.css' rel='stylesheet' type='text/css'/>
</head>
<body>
<div style='text-align:center'>
<a href='1239.xhtml' class='hidden_a'><b> &lt; </b></a>
<a href='../nav/nav_0000.xhtml' class='hidden_a'>
E<b>1240</b> C<b>s406</b> K<b>832</b> S<b>-</b>
</a>
 <a href='1241.xhtml' class='hidden_a'><b> &gt; </b></a>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>1</b> Deeper, deeper, in the cross of Jesus;</div>
<div class='line'>Deeper let me go;</div>
<div class='line'>Death and life, they always go together;</div>
<div class='line'>Deepen, Lord, the flow.</div>
<div class='line'>Oh, deeper yet we pray,</div>
<div class='line'>Do work in us each day;</div>
<div class='line'>Go deeper, through and through,</div>
<div class='line'>Till in Thee we're wholly new.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>2</b> Higher, higher, in the life of Jesus;</div>
<div class='line'>Lord, we are so low.</div>
<div class='line'>By Thy life we all can go much higher -</div>
<div class='line'>Higher let us go.</div>
<div class='line'>Oh, higher yet we pray - Transform us every day -</div>
<div class='line'>And richer in the flow;</div>
<div class='line'>May Thy life be all we know.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>3</b> Growing, growing, in us He is growing,</div>
<div class='line'>More and more each day.</div>
<div class='line'>Into all our living He is flowing -</div>
<div class='line'>This is now His way.</div>
<div class='line'>For growth, O Lord, we pray;</div>
<div class='line'>Increase in us each day.</div>
<div class='line'>It's not enough to know;</div>
<div class='line'>Now Thy life in us must grow.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>4</b> Living, living, Christ is all our living,</div>
<div class='line'>He's so practical:</div>
<div class='line'>Small things, big things, anything and all things -</div>
<div class='line'>He's involved in all.</div>
<div class='line'>Live Christ in every way;</div>
<div class='line'>Oh, live Him out today.</div>
<div class='line'>His name you now must call,</div>
<div class='line'>And give Him your all for all.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>5</b> Person, Person, Jesus is our Person,</div>
<div class='line'>Living now in us.</div>
<div class='line'>He's our tastes, our attitudes and actions;</div>
<div class='line'>Oh, how glorious!</div>
<div class='line'>Our Person, Lord, Thou art;</div>
<div class='line'>Make home in all our heart.</div>
<div class='line'>As life in every way</div>
<div class='line'>Be our Person, Lord, each day.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>6</b> Churches, churches, in the local churches</div>
<div class='line'>We all find the flow:</div>
<div class='line'>Deeper, higher, Christ as all our living,</div>
<div class='line'>For the church we grow.</div>
<div class='line'>The churches are today</div>
<div class='line'>Just Christ in every way.</div>
<div class='line'>For this, from self we cease,</div>
<div class='line'>For Thy Body, Thine increase.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>7</b> Building, building, we will see the building</div>
<div class='line'>Of the church this way:</div>
<div class='line'>Christ experienced will produce the building -</div>
<div class='line'>He's the only way.</div>
<div class='line'>Oh, build us, Lord, we pray,</div>
<div class='line'>By growth of life each day.</div>
<div class='line'>Oh, make us now such men</div>
<div class='line'>For the new Jerusalem.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>8</b> Coming, coming, Jesus soon is coming</div>
<div class='line'>For His chosen Bride.</div>
<div class='line'>In the churches we are all preparing</div>
<div class='line'>To be glorified.</div>
<div class='line'>Lord Jesus, come again -</div>
<div class='line'>This cry is deep within.</div>
<div class='line'>We'll praise Thee to the end,</div>
<div class='line'>Oh, come back! Come back! Amen!</div>
</div>
<div style='height:40px'></div>
</body></html>
