<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=UTF-8"/>
<title>Hymn 1241</title>
<link href='../stylesheet.css' rel='stylesheet' type='text/css'/>
</head>
<body>
<div style='text-align:center'>
<a href='1240.xhtml' class='hidden_a'><b> &lt; </b></a>
<a href='../nav/nav_0000.xhtml' class='hidden_a'>
E<b>1241</b> C<b>-</b> K<b>-</b> S<b>-</b>
</a>
 <a href='1242.xhtml' class='hidden_a'><b> &gt; </b></a>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>1</b> God's life and building can be seen</div>
<div class='line'>Within the Song of Songs;</div>
<div class='line'>He shows by types His seeking ones,</div>
<div class='line'>The Bride for whom Christ longs!</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>2</b> She, as a team of horses shows</div>
<div class='line'>A love, so swift and strong!</div>
<div class='line'>But this is love that's natural -</div>
<div class='line'>It pulls the world along!</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>3</b> As time goes by, her concepts change,</div>
<div class='line'>With dove's eyes she can see</div>
<div class='line'>That naught can with her love compare -</div>
<div class='line'>There's none so dear as He!</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>4</b> A lily she is now to Him</div>
<div class='line'>(For still the Lord draws on),</div>
<div class='line'>Her faith is not in earthly toil,</div>
<div class='line'>But in the wondrous Son.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>5</b> She's next a dove who hides herself</div>
<div class='line'>Within a cloven rock;</div>
<div class='line'>Now in her Lord's ascended life</div>
<div class='line'>Is love which knows no shock!</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>6</b> Of smoke, a pillar she's become,</div>
<div class='line'>And now, as wand'ring ends,</div>
<div class='line'>Her wills to His will are subdued,</div>
<div class='line'>What fragrance sweet ascends!</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>7</b> Behold His couch... (O, can this be?)</div>
<div class='line'>E'en midst the fearsome night...</div>
<div class='line'>She now affords her Lord such rest,</div>
<div class='line'>The foe is put to flight!</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>8</b> A vessel to contain the King!</div>
<div class='line'>(This type is full of worth.)</div>
<div class='line'>A palanquin He's made Himself</div>
<div class='line'>For His move on the earth!</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>9</b> Of wood this vessel is composed:</div>
<div class='line'>Christ's ris'n humanity.</div>
<div class='line'>Its silver pillars for support</div>
<div class='line'>And floor of gold we see!</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>10</b> The seat of purple signifies</div>
<div class='line'>Christ is of kings the King.</div>
<div class='line'>To Him, as fittings for within,</div>
<div class='line'>Their love His dear ones bring!</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>11</b> The day will come - ('tis surely soon)</div>
<div class='line'>And glad will be Thy heart -</div>
<div class='line'>What boast and glory to Thyself;</div>
<div class='line'>Thy crown, Thy counterpart!</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>12</b> A garden fair, enclosed is she</div>
<div class='line'>With spices, fragrant, sweet.</div>
<div class='line'>She now brings forth materials</div>
<div class='line'>The building to complete!</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>13</b> A city pleasant, comely, too;</div>
<div class='line'>No greater building, this!</div>
<div class='line'>So beautiful, yet to the foe</div>
<div class='line'>A conq'ring army 'tis!</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>14</b> As we eat Jesus, praise the Lord,</div>
<div class='line'>The transformation's done,</div>
<div class='line'>Until at last, the work's complete -</div>
<div class='line'>Christ and His Bride are one!</div>
</div>
<div style='height:40px'></div>
</body></html>
