<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=UTF-8"/>
<title>Hymn 1242</title>
<link href='../stylesheet.css' rel='stylesheet' type='text/css'/>
</head>
<body>
<div style='text-align:center'>
<a href='1241.xhtml' class='hidden_a'><b> &lt; </b></a>
<a href='../nav/nav_0000.xhtml' class='hidden_a'>
E<b>1242</b> C<b>s125</b> K<b>-</b> S<b>-</b>
</a>
 <a href='1243.xhtml' class='hidden_a'><b> &gt; </b></a>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>1</b> The Lord, the seed of life, has sown Himself into our heart</div>
<div class='line'>To grow up into fullness and become His counterpart.</div>
<div class='line'>The seed requires no rules or forms, for water is its need -</div>
<div class='line'>By this the all-inclusive seed will grow in us indeed!</div>
</div>
<div class='chorus'>
<div class='line'>The seed is simply Jesus! Oh, Jesus lives in me!</div>
<div class='line'>And by His growth this seed in us will reach maturity.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>2</b> The growth of Christ, the seed, in us</div>
<div class='line'>will soon produce the wheat,</div>
<div class='line'>The life within break forth - yet work divine is not complete;</div>
<div class='line'>For wheat alone can never be the seed's expression true;</div>
<div class='line'>So all the grains must blend together into something new.</div>
</div>
<div class='chorus'>
<div class='line'>The seed is simply Jesus; now wheat is Jesus too!</div>
<div class='line'>The grains of wheat must blend together into something new.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>3</b> The individual grains of wheat no longer must be free,</div>
<div class='line'>But crushed together, ground to powder, every grain must be,</div>
<div class='line'>Until the wheat becomes the meal from which the loaf is formed</div>
<div class='line'>Till all the saints will blend and to His Body be conformed.</div>
</div>
<div class='chorus'>
<div class='line'>We all must take the grinding until the Christ within</div>
<div class='line'>Can mold into His Body all the individual grains.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>4</b> The seed is planted, wheat is grown and meal is the sum</div>
<div class='line'>Of all the growth upon God's farm, where Christians grow as one;</div>
<div class='line'>But all the growth in life is for the building of the church,</div>
<div class='line'>That God and man may have a home and both may end their search.</div>
</div>
<div class='chorus'>
<div class='line'>The farm is for the building, for God and man a home,</div>
<div class='line'>Where both may dwell among His people gathered into one.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>5</b> God's building is produced by silver,</div>
<div class='line'>precious stones, and gold -</div>
<div class='line'>From meal through transformation,</div>
<div class='line'>pressure, heat, and pain untold.</div>
<div class='line'>The meal must not be satisfied to stay as meal alone,</div>
<div class='line'>But must submit to transformation into precious stone.</div>
</div>
<div class='chorus'>
<div class='line'>The meal must pass through suffering</div>
<div class='line'>that precious stones be formed;</div>
<div class='line'>Then built into God's building, to His purpose full conformed.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>6</b> From fullest growth and transformation comes a pearl of worth;</div>
<div class='line'>This simple, precious, all-inclusive gem will then come forth.</div>
<div class='line'>Conceived in death and formed in life by that all-glorious One,</div>
<div class='line'>The church, His Bride, the fruit</div>
<div class='line'>of all the work that He has done.</div>
</div>
<div class='chorus'>
<div class='line'>The pearl is what He's after, the Bride to please His heart,</div>
<div class='line'>So single, pure and precious, and His very counterpart.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>7</b> The growth in life begins when planted</div>
<div class='line'>on God's farm we're found;</div>
<div class='line'>The growing seed becomes the wheat</div>
<div class='line'>from which the meal is ground.</div>
<div class='line'>But building work proceeds when meal</div>
<div class='line'>submits to be transformed;</div>
<div class='line'>Then gold and silver, precious stones</div>
<div class='line'>for building will be formed.</div>
</div>
<div class='chorus'>
<div class='line'>The farm is for the building, built up by precious stones,</div>
<div class='line'>From which the priceless pearl comes forth</div>
<div class='line'>to be His Bride, His own.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>8</b> Lord, keep us poor in spirit, pure in heart that we may be</div>
<div class='line'>Good ground in which the seed of life may grow abundantly,</div>
<div class='line'>Until the final stage is reached and You are satisfied</div>
<div class='line'>And have Your priceless, chosen pearl,</div>
<div class='line'>Your joy complete, Your Bride.</div>
</div>
<div class='chorus'>
<div class='line'>Lord, keep us poor in spirit and purified in heart,</div>
<div class='line'>That growing up in us You may bring forth Your counterpart.</div>
</div>
<div style='height:40px'></div>
</body></html>
