<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=UTF-8"/>
<title>Hymn 1249</title>
<link href='../stylesheet.css' rel='stylesheet' type='text/css'/>
</head>
<body>
<div style='text-align:center'>
<a href='1248.xhtml' class='hidden_a'><b> &lt; </b></a>
<a href='../nav/nav_0000.xhtml' class='hidden_a'>
E<b>1249</b> C<b>-</b> K<b>-</b> S<b>-</b>
</a>
 <a href='1250.xhtml' class='hidden_a'><b> &gt; </b></a>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>1</b> How oft believers through the years</div>
<div class='line'>Have sought the will of Jesus,</div>
<div class='line'>And would have offered everything</div>
<div class='line'>To walk as Him it pleases.</div>
<div class='line'>If you should seek the will of God,</div>
<div class='line'>Don't waste another minute;</div>
<div class='line'>The church life is His glorious will,</div>
<div class='line'>And you too must get in it.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>2</b> "What is the will of God for me?"</div>
<div class='line'>How oft you've asked this question.</div>
<div class='line'>It is the church life, corporately,</div>
<div class='line'>Where God finds His expression.</div>
<div class='line'>Don't watch the church life from afar,</div>
<div class='line'>Or erringly construe it;</div>
<div class='line'>Come gaze upon it from within -</div>
<div class='line'>You'll give your whole life to it.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>3</b> The church life here is realized,</div>
<div class='line'>'Tis all the Lord intended;</div>
<div class='line'>And in this rich experience</div>
<div class='line'>All further seeking's ended.</div>
<div class='line'>The church life is His glorious will -</div>
<div class='line'>Now for yourself begin it.</div>
<div class='line'>The surest way to know His will</div>
<div class='line'>Is simply to get in it.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>4</b> So let us give our all for this,</div>
<div class='line'>And hold ourselves not dearly;</div>
<div class='line'>The church life is the will of God,</div>
<div class='line'>Let's take our standing clearly.</div>
<div class='line'>Oh, we have found the will of God;</div>
<div class='line'>Christ died and rose to win it.</div>
<div class='line'>The church life is His glorious will,</div>
<div class='line'>And, praise the Lord, we're in it!</div>
</div>
<div style='height:40px'></div>
</body></html>
