<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=UTF-8"/>
<title>Hymn 1250</title>
<link href='../stylesheet.css' rel='stylesheet' type='text/css'/>
</head>
<body>
<div style='text-align:center'>
<a href='1249.xhtml' class='hidden_a'><b> &lt; </b></a>
<a href='../nav/nav_0000.xhtml' class='hidden_a'>
E<b>1250</b> C<b>-</b> K<b>-</b> S<b>-</b>
</a>
 <a href='1251.xhtml' class='hidden_a'><b> &gt; </b></a>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>1</b> O surely I will not come in</div>
<div class='line'>Within my house to stay,</div>
<div class='line'>Nor yet give sleep unto my eyes,</div>
<div class='line'>Till Jesus has His way.</div>
<div class='line'>Upon the earth, the Lord desires</div>
<div class='line'>A place where He may live;</div>
<div class='line'>For this, Thy habitation, Lord,</div>
<div class='line'>Myself I fully give.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>2</b> We heard of it while yet far off,</div>
<div class='line'>We found it in the way;</div>
<div class='line'>We then came up into her courts,</div>
<div class='line'>And here we'll ever stay.</div>
<div class='line'>Arise, O Lord, into Thy rest,</div>
<div class='line'>Thou and Thy ark so strong.</div>
<div class='line'>Thy priests are clothed with righteousness;</div>
<div class='line'>Thy saints with joy and song.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>3</b> The Lord has sworn in truth to us,</div>
<div class='line'>He will not turn away -</div>
<div class='line'>His Seed shall sit with Him enthroned,</div>
<div class='line'>And reign with Him for aye.</div>
<div class='line'>The Lord hath found a place to dwell,</div>
<div class='line'>Hath chosen Zion fair;</div>
<div class='line'>His habitation it will be,</div>
<div class='line'>It is His rest fore'er.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>4</b> Her food abundant He will bless,</div>
<div class='line'>Her needy, satisfy;</div>
<div class='line'>And with salvation clothe her priests,</div>
<div class='line'>And all her want supply.</div>
<div class='line'>The horn of David's budding here,</div>
<div class='line'>A lamp for earth's dark night.</div>
<div class='line'>His enemies are clothed with shame,</div>
<div class='line'>His saints with crowns of light.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>5</b> And now within these latter days,</div>
<div class='line'>Amidst earth's dark unrest,</div>
<div class='line'>God's house is being built again</div>
<div class='line'>And all His people blessed.</div>
<div class='line'>Secure within the local church,</div>
<div class='line'>With saints in one accord</div>
<div class='line'>We meet to just release our praise,</div>
<div class='line'>And thus enjoy the Lord.</div>
</div>
<div style='height:40px'></div>
</body></html>
