<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=UTF-8"/>
<title>Hymn 1251</title>
<link href='../stylesheet.css' rel='stylesheet' type='text/css'/>
</head>
<body>
<div style='text-align:center'>
<a href='1250.xhtml' class='hidden_a'><b> &lt; </b></a>
<a href='../nav/nav_0000.xhtml' class='hidden_a'>
E<b>1251</b> C<b>s507</b> K<b>1004</b> S<b>382</b>
</a>
 <a href='1252.xhtml' class='hidden_a'><b> &gt; </b></a>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>1</b> To Jerusalem we've come,</div>
<div class='line'>We are through with Babylon,</div>
<div class='line'>We have gathered to be one,</div>
<div class='line'>O glory be to God!</div>
<div class='line'>Of the teachings we're bereft,</div>
<div class='line'>All opinions we have left,</div>
<div class='line'>Spirit from the soul is cleft,</div>
<div class='line'>In the local churches now.</div>
</div>
<div class='chorus'>
<div class='line'>Hallelujah! Hallelujah!</div>
<div class='line'>We are all in one accord</div>
<div class='line'>For the building of the Lord,</div>
<div class='line'>Hallelujah! Hallelujah!</div>
<div class='line'>We are living in the local churches now!</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>2</b> That recovery may proceed</div>
<div class='line'>Real priests are what we need -</div>
<div class='line'>Those who live in Christ indeed,</div>
<div class='line'>O glory be to God!</div>
<div class='line'>Saturated with the Lord,</div>
<div class='line'>They have Christ as their reward.</div>
<div class='line'>These the building work afford</div>
<div class='line'>In the local churches now.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>3</b> And the kingship we must see</div>
<div class='line'>With divine authority -</div>
<div class='line'>To this rule we'll all agree,</div>
<div class='line'>O glory be to God!</div>
<div class='line'>To the Spirit we'll submit</div>
<div class='line'>For the church's benefit -</div>
<div class='line'>This is His prerequisite</div>
<div class='line'>In the local churches now.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>4</b> We the altar must obtain,</div>
<div class='line'>Have our all upon it lain.</div>
<div class='line'>The burnt-offering must be slain,</div>
<div class='line'>O glory be to God!</div>
<div class='line'>This we never should dispute,</div>
<div class='line'>For the church be absolute,</div>
<div class='line'>All that's otherwise uproot</div>
<div class='line'>In the local churches now.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>5</b> The foundation now is laid -</div>
<div class='line'>O what glory doth pervade!</div>
<div class='line'>We are all with joy arrayed,</div>
<div class='line'>O glory be to God!</div>
<div class='line'>Let us raise a mighty shout -</div>
<div class='line'>They will hear us far without,</div>
<div class='line'>And the enemy we'll rout</div>
<div class='line'>In the local churches now.</div>
</div>
<div style='height:40px'></div>
</body></html>
