<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=UTF-8"/>
<title>Hymn 1254</title>
<link href='../stylesheet.css' rel='stylesheet' type='text/css'/>
</head>
<body>
<div style='text-align:center'>
<a href='1253.xhtml' class='hidden_a'><b> &lt; </b></a>
<a href='../nav/nav_0000.xhtml' class='hidden_a'>
E<b>1254</b> C<b>s606</b> K<b>830</b> S<b>384</b>
</a>
 <a href='1255.xhtml' class='hidden_a'><b> &gt; </b></a>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>1</b> This is the time for building the temple of the Lord</div>
<div class='line'>That all the local churches may fully be restored.</div>
<div class='line'>'Tis not the time for our house while God's house lieth waste -</div>
<div class='line'>O brothers, for God's building, rise up, make haste!</div>
</div>
<div class='chorus'>
<div class='line'>Be strong, be strong, God's dwelling place to build!</div>
<div class='line'>The Lord of hosts is with us, with His glory 'twill be filled!</div>
<div class='line'>Be strong, be strong, and work in one accord,</div>
<div class='line'>That all the nations may behold the temple of the Lord.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>2</b> O hear, the Lord is speaking: Consider now your ways,</div>
<div class='line'>Ye sow and bring in little, for lacking is My praise.</div>
<div class='line'>Go up into the mountain, material to provide,</div>
<div class='line'>And build My house that I may be glorified.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>3</b> Ye who are priests, ye remnant of Christians now obey -</div>
<div class='line'>The Lord Himself is with us, whatever men may say,</div>
<div class='line'>With spirits stirred and burning, now let us come to work;</div>
<div class='line'>May none his part with others in building shirk.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>4</b> I'll fill this house with glory, the Lord of hosts has said,</div>
<div class='line'>And the desire of nations will be exhibited.</div>
<div class='line'>Its glory will be greater than all that's gone before,</div>
<div class='line'>And we will share this glory forevermore.</div>
</div>
<div style='height:40px'></div>
</body></html>
