<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=UTF-8"/>
<title>Hymn 1257</title>
<link href='../stylesheet.css' rel='stylesheet' type='text/css'/>
</head>
<body>
<div style='text-align:center'>
<a href='1256.xhtml' class='hidden_a'><b> &lt; </b></a>
<a href='../nav/nav_0000.xhtml' class='hidden_a'>
E<b>1257</b> C<b>s514</b> K<b>-</b> S<b>-</b>
</a>
 <a href='1258.xhtml' class='hidden_a'><b> &gt; </b></a>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>1</b> Do you see them in the cities,</div>
<div class='line'>Meeting on the local ground?</div>
<div class='line'>They're the local, golden lampstands,</div>
<div class='line'>Where the Lord His home has found.</div>
</div>
<div class='chorus'>
<div class='line'>'Tis the local church, the church God has chosen,</div>
<div class='line'>Where all the saints dwell as one!</div>
<div class='line'>'Tis the local church, the church God has chosen,</div>
<div class='line'>Where all the saints dwell as one!</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>2</b> Do you see them in the meetings,</div>
<div class='line'>Lifting up their voice on high,</div>
<div class='line'>Every brother, sister sharing,</div>
<div class='line'>Christ the Lord to magnify?</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>3</b> Do you hear them all pray-reading,</div>
<div class='line'>Breathing in the living Word?</div>
<div class='line'>Praying, praising, drinking, feeding,</div>
<div class='line'>How they all enjoy the Lord!</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>4</b> Do you hear them call, "Lord Jesus"?</div>
<div class='line'>How they love that blessed name!</div>
<div class='line'>All the more their joy increases</div>
<div class='line'>As His Lordship they proclaim.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>5</b> Have you heard their hallelujahs,</div>
<div class='line'>Like a mighty thunder blast?</div>
<div class='line'>Hallelujah! Hallelujah!</div>
<div class='line'>Down the enemy is cast!</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>6</b> Do you see the saints migrating?</div>
<div class='line'>Praise the Lord the move is on</div>
<div class='line'>For the church in every city</div>
<div class='line'>That our blessed Lord may come!</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>7</b> Do you see the Lord is coming</div>
<div class='line'>For the church for whom He died?</div>
<div class='line'>In the churches He's preparing</div>
<div class='line'>Now His holy, chosen Bride.</div>
</div>
<div class='chorus'>
<div class='line'>'Tis a glorious church without spot or wrinkle,</div>
<div class='line'>Filled with the glory of the Lord!</div>
<div class='line'>'Tis a glorious church without spot or wrinkle,</div>
<div class='line'>Filled with the glory of the Lord!</div>
</div>
<div style='height:40px'></div>
</body></html>
