<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=UTF-8"/>
<title>Hymn 1263</title>
<link href='../stylesheet.css' rel='stylesheet' type='text/css'/>
</head>
<body>
<div style='text-align:center'>
<a href='1262.xhtml' class='hidden_a'><b> &lt; </b></a>
<a href='../nav/nav_0000.xhtml' class='hidden_a'>
E<b>1263</b> C<b>-</b> K<b>-</b> S<b>-</b>
</a>
 <a href='1264.xhtml' class='hidden_a'><b> &gt; </b></a>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>1</b> There's a church in New York City</div>
<div class='line'>Standing on the local ground;</div>
<div class='line'>There's a lampstand brightly beaming,</div>
<div class='line'>Shining out to millions 'round.</div>
<div class='line'>We were raised from every nation,</div>
<div class='line'>Every people, tribe, and tongue -</div>
<div class='line'>With us God has gained a dwelling,</div>
<div class='line'>'Tis where all His own may come.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>2</b> In your midst, O New York City,</div>
<div class='line'>Little do you realize -</div>
<div class='line'>Fallen is a seed within you,</div>
<div class='line'>'Midst corruption it shall rise;</div>
<div class='line'>Rising up in resurrection,</div>
<div class='line'>With an increase many fold,</div>
<div class='line'>It shall blossom, manifesting</div>
<div class='line'>Riches of God's life untold.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>3</b> For the church in New York City</div>
<div class='line'>Faithfully the saints have prayed.</div>
<div class='line'>'Gainst the church in New York City</div>
<div class='line'>How the devil is enraged!</div>
<div class='line'>For behold, within the center</div>
<div class='line'>Of his kingdom, dark and grim,</div>
<div class='line'>God has gained a testimony,</div>
<div class='line'>Moving, fighting on for Him.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>4</b> There's a church in New York City</div>
<div class='line'>Who the gospel does proclaim,</div>
<div class='line'>To the hungry, poor, and weary,</div>
<div class='line'>Sick, imprisoned, and the lame.</div>
<div class='line'>Now this gospel of the kingdom</div>
<div class='line'>Shall be preached until the end;</div>
<div class='line'>Till the Lord who with the kingdom</div>
<div class='line'>Of the heavens does descend.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>5</b> There's a church in New York City,</div>
<div class='line'>Honoring the risen Christ;</div>
<div class='line'>Caring for the other churches -</div>
<div class='line'>Following in truth and light;</div>
<div class='line'>With them in coordination,</div>
<div class='line'>We the kingdom will possess;</div>
<div class='line'>Fighting as one mighty army,</div>
<div class='line'>Till the kingdom's manifest.</div>
</div>
<div style='height:40px'></div>
</body></html>
