<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=UTF-8"/>
<title>Hymn 1265</title>
<link href='../stylesheet.css' rel='stylesheet' type='text/css'/>
</head>
<body>
<div style='text-align:center'>
<a href='1264.xhtml' class='hidden_a'><b> &lt; </b></a>
<a href='../nav/nav_0000.xhtml' class='hidden_a'>
E<b>1265</b> C<b>-</b> K<b>827</b> S<b>387</b>
</a>
 <a href='1266.xhtml' class='hidden_a'><b> &gt; </b></a>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>1</b> The churches are the Body</div>
<div class='line'>Of Christ on earth today.</div>
<div class='line'>They are His testimony,</div>
<div class='line'>That He may have a way.</div>
<div class='line'>They are the golden lampstands</div>
<div class='line'>In cities far and wide.</div>
<div class='line'>They are His fighting army,</div>
<div class='line'>And His beloved Bride.</div>
</div>
<div class='chorus'>
<div class='line'>The churches, the churches,</div>
<div class='line'>Upon the earth today;</div>
<div class='line'>Lord, stir our hearts for Thy desire,</div>
<div class='line'>And build us, oh, build us, Lord, we pray.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>2</b> Oh, how we need the churches,</div>
<div class='line'>All of them, great or small!</div>
<div class='line'>We need their many portions</div>
<div class='line'>To profit us withal.</div>
<div class='line'>Yes, Lord, enlarge the churches;</div>
<div class='line'>We love their needs to bear.</div>
<div class='line'>Enlarge our hearts, Lord Jesus,</div>
<div class='line'>In fellowship and prayer.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>3</b> The Lord's eyes o'er the whole earth</div>
<div class='line'>Are running to and fro;</div>
<div class='line'>Those seven, burning, searching,</div>
<div class='line'>Our heart's desire to know.</div>
<div class='line'>His purpose - many churches,</div>
<div class='line'>Built up in one accord;</div>
<div class='line'>This golden testimony</div>
<div class='line'>Will thus express the Lord.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>4</b> And soon will be the coming</div>
<div class='line'>Of our triumphant King!</div>
<div class='line'>He's coming for the churches</div>
<div class='line'>Where His sweet praises ring.</div>
<div class='line'>Come, Lord, come reap the firstfruits,</div>
<div class='line'>As draws the harvest nigh,</div>
<div class='line'>And to Thy throne do take us,</div>
<div class='line'>To reign with Thee on high.</div>
</div>
<div style='height:40px'></div>
</body></html>
