<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=UTF-8"/>
<title>Hymn 1267</title>
<link href='../stylesheet.css' rel='stylesheet' type='text/css'/>
</head>
<body>
<div style='text-align:center'>
<a href='1266.xhtml' class='hidden_a'><b> &lt; </b></a>
<a href='../nav/nav_0000.xhtml' class='hidden_a'>
E<b>1267</b> C<b>-</b> K<b>-</b> S<b>-</b>
</a>
 <a href='1268.xhtml' class='hidden_a'><b> &gt; </b></a>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>1</b> We are for the great migration,</div>
<div class='line'>And, O Lord, we seek Thy face.</div>
<div class='line'>Who? and when? and where? Lord Jesus,</div>
<div class='line'>Grant us now Thy blessed grace.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>2</b> This is for Thy house and city,</div>
<div class='line'>This is for Thy kingdom, Lord;</div>
<div class='line'>To subdue the earth before us</div>
<div class='line'>We are all in one accord.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>3</b> Of the Father, through Christ Jesus,</div>
<div class='line'>By the Spirit's flowing free;</div>
<div class='line'>In our spirit, on the church-ground -</div>
<div class='line'>This the way of victory.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>4</b> Burden us with Thy great plan, Lord;</div>
<div class='line'>Consecrated we would be.</div>
<div class='line'>To fulfill Thy holy purpose</div>
<div class='line'>Saturate us thoroughly.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>5</b> Build, O build us all together,</div>
<div class='line'>Let us here our lessons learn,</div>
<div class='line'>Send us forth to many cities</div>
<div class='line'>For the church-life there to burn.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>6</b> Many places need a beachhead</div>
<div class='line'>To bring in Thy reign and rule.</div>
<div class='line'>Lord, build up the local churches</div>
<div class='line'>That Thy kingdom come in full!</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>7</b> Then the earth will give Thee glory</div>
<div class='line'>And the devil get the shame.</div>
<div class='line'>For Thy kingdom's rule and reigning</div>
<div class='line'>All will praise Thy glorious name.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>8</b> Blessed days are quickly coming;</div>
<div class='line'>We rejoice and give Thee praise</div>
<div class='line'>For the glorious consummation</div>
<div class='line'>And Thy royal ruling days.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>9</b> Hallelujah to the Father,</div>
<div class='line'>Hallelujah to the Son,</div>
<div class='line'>Hallelujah to the Spirit -</div>
<div class='line'>Hallelujah, it is done!</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>10</b> Hallelujah for the churches,</div>
<div class='line'>Hallelujah for the saints,</div>
<div class='line'>Hallelujah for the meetings</div>
<div class='line'>And their holy, sweet constraints!</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>11</b> Hallelujah, hallelujah,</div>
<div class='line'>Hallelujah we will sing;</div>
<div class='line'>Hallelujah, hallelujah,</div>
<div class='line'>Hallelujah to our King!</div>
</div>
<div style='height:40px'></div>
</body></html>
