<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=UTF-8"/>
<title>Hymn 1268</title>
<link href='../stylesheet.css' rel='stylesheet' type='text/css'/>
</head>
<body>
<div style='text-align:center'>
<a href='1267.xhtml' class='hidden_a'><b> &lt; </b></a>
<a href='../nav/nav_0000.xhtml' class='hidden_a'>
E<b>1268</b> C<b>-</b> K<b>-</b> S<b>-</b>
</a>
 <a href='1269.xhtml' class='hidden_a'><b> &gt; </b></a>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>1</b> When Noah worked upon the ark as God to him decreed,</div>
<div class='line'>So many others watched, yet to his words they gave no heed.</div>
<div class='line'>But Noah heard the voice of God and did His word obey;</div>
<div class='line'>His business was to build the ark; he couldn't waste a day.</div>
</div>
<div class='chorus'>
<div class='line'>Now Jesus' testimony, we in the churches see,</div>
<div class='line'>The ark of testimony built in each locality.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>2</b> The generation at that time was evil and perverse;</div>
<div class='line'>The wickedness upon the earth was waxing worse and worse.</div>
<div class='line'>But Noah stood against the age and ne'er the vision lost.</div>
<div class='line'>The ark of testimony must be built at any cost.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>3</b> There were at that time many men who said they worshipped God;</div>
<div class='line'>They served Him and they sacrificed and yet 'twas very odd,</div>
<div class='line'>The very thing that God desired they mocked and ridiculed.</div>
<div class='line'>Their heart was set upon this age and by the devil ruled.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>4</b> One day the ark was finished and eight souls were led aboard.</div>
<div class='line'>God shut the door and then the heavens opened and outpoured.</div>
<div class='line'>It rained, but Noah took no thought for he was safe inside.</div>
<div class='line'>When all the earth was flooded, he above it all did ride.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>5</b> The ark was just God's testimony on the earth that time.</div>
<div class='line'>For God had found a corporate man</div>
<div class='line'>through whom His light could shine.</div>
<div class='line'>He needed something built through which</div>
<div class='line'>He'd fully be expressed,</div>
<div class='line'>And now it is the local church where God is manifest.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>6</b> Be careful lest this age would lead you from</div>
<div class='line'>God's heart's desire.</div>
<div class='line'>For Jesus' testimony must set all our hearts afire.</div>
<div class='line'>The local churches are the ark, God's testimony true.</div>
<div class='line'>For this we leave the age behind and give our hearts anew.</div>
</div>
<div style='height:40px'></div>
</body></html>
