<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=UTF-8"/>
<title>Hymn 1269</title>
<link href='../stylesheet.css' rel='stylesheet' type='text/css'/>
</head>
<body>
<div style='text-align:center'>
<a href='1268.xhtml' class='hidden_a'><b> &lt; </b></a>
<a href='../nav/nav_0000.xhtml' class='hidden_a'>
E<b>1269</b> C<b>-</b> K<b>-</b> S<b>-</b>
</a>
 <a href='1270.xhtml' class='hidden_a'><b> &gt; </b></a>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>1</b> There in old Chaldea, product of man's fall,</div>
<div class='line'>God appeared to Abram - called him from it all.</div>
<div class='line'>"Get thee from thy country, from thy father's clan,</div>
<div class='line'>Get thee from thy kindred to another land."</div>
</div>
<div class='chorus'>
<div class='line'>Our Lord God Jehovah called a corporate man,</div>
<div class='line'>One that would express Him and fulfill His plan.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>2</b> Through the Lord's infusion, Abraham became</div>
<div class='line'>Father of the faithful - life had changed his name.</div>
<div class='line'>Though the Lord's appearing, brought him to the land,</div>
<div class='line'>Still he needed Isaac to fulfill God's plan.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>3</b> Isaac from his father did inherit all:</div>
<div class='line'>Sonship's full enjoyment, blessing of God's call.</div>
<div class='line'>Though all things receiving, incomplete was he;</div>
<div class='line'>Lacking transformation and maturity.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>4</b> In his father's footsteps, Jacob then became</div>
<div class='line'>Prince of God, a wrestler, Israel his name;</div>
<div class='line'>By the Spirit's dealing, fully grown, he reigned;</div>
<div class='line'>O'er the earth, through Joseph, ruling pow'r obtained.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>5</b> Thus do Jacob, Isaac, Abraham portray</div>
<div class='line'>Path that we, God's called ones, must walk in today:</div>
<div class='line'>Members of the Body, as a corporate man,</div>
<div class='line'>We complete His calling and fulfill His plan.</div>
</div>
<div style='height:40px'></div>
</body></html>
