<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=UTF-8"/>
<title>Hymn 1270</title>
<link href='../stylesheet.css' rel='stylesheet' type='text/css'/>
</head>
<body>
<div style='text-align:center'>
<a href='1269.xhtml' class='hidden_a'><b> &lt; </b></a>
<a href='../nav/nav_0000.xhtml' class='hidden_a'>
E<b>1270</b> C<b>-</b> K<b>-</b> S<b>-</b>
</a>
 <a href='1271.xhtml' class='hidden_a'><b> &gt; </b></a>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>1</b> We are the Hebrews! Praise the Lord!</div>
<div class='line'>We're from the other side.</div>
<div class='line'>Throughout our hist'ry we have passed</div>
<div class='line'>Through rivers deep and wide.</div>
</div>
<div class='chorus'>
<div class='line'>Praise the Lord! Praise the Lord!</div>
<div class='line'>He has brought</div>
<div class='line'>All us river-crossing Hebrews</div>
<div class='line'>To the land, to build up</div>
<div class='line'>The temple of our God.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>2</b> Old Noah's age was so corrupt,</div>
<div class='line'>In deep depravity;</div>
<div class='line'>So Noah passed across the flood -</div>
<div class='line'>That separating sea.</div>
</div>
<div class='chorus'>
<div class='line'>Praise the Lord! He has brought</div>
<div class='line'>From the old</div>
<div class='line'>To a new recovered region</div>
<div class='line'>Where he built in this land</div>
<div class='line'>An altar for his God.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>3</b> Then Abraham was called apart,</div>
<div class='line'>For God to take a stand;</div>
<div class='line'>So through the river he was led</div>
<div class='line'>Into a new, good land.</div>
</div>
<div class='chorus'>
<div class='line'>Step by step he was led</div>
<div class='line'>From Chaldee</div>
<div class='line'>Through the river into Canaan,</div>
<div class='line'>That good land, there to be</div>
<div class='line'>The servant of his God.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>4</b> The Israelites in bondage were</div>
<div class='line'>To Pharaoh's choking hand.</div>
<div class='line'>The God of Hebrews made a way</div>
<div class='line'>For them to leave that land.</div>
</div>
<div class='chorus'>
<div class='line'>Through the sea, they all passed;</div>
<div class='line'>Egypt fell,</div>
<div class='line'>Hallelujah! In the good land</div>
<div class='line'>They built up God's own house</div>
<div class='line'>To satisfy His heart.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>5</b> Then wand'ring through the wilderness,</div>
<div class='line'>The land they could not find;</div>
<div class='line'>Till through the Jordan they did pass</div>
<div class='line'>To leave themselves behind.</div>
</div>
<div class='chorus'>
<div class='line'>Praise the Lord! In the land</div>
<div class='line'>They built up</div>
<div class='line'>God's own temple. Hallelujah!</div>
<div class='line'>Praise the Lord! There they dwelt,</div>
<div class='line'>His people and their God.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>6</b> But then religion conquered all,</div>
<div class='line'>So John the Baptist came</div>
<div class='line'>And buried all beneath that flood.</div>
<div class='line'>The Jews were not the same.</div>
</div>
<div class='chorus'>
<div class='line'>Buried all! Buried all!</div>
<div class='line'>Buried all!</div>
<div class='line'>Underneath the Jordan River</div>
<div class='line'>Buried all to become</div>
<div class='line'>The Hebrews passing through.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>7</b> Now in the church life, we have left</div>
<div class='line'>The world, religion too;</div>
<div class='line'>Now we're the river-crossing ones,</div>
<div class='line'>Enjoying Christ so new!</div>
</div>
<div class='chorus'>
<div class='line'>Praise the Lord! Praise the Lord!</div>
<div class='line'>We have passed</div>
<div class='line'>From the oldness, Hallelujah,</div>
<div class='line'>Into Christ - one new man.</div>
<div class='line'>And now we're one with Him!</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>8</b> O Lord, You've taken us across</div>
<div class='line'>The fiery sea of glass,</div>
<div class='line'>With all the worldly things beneath;</div>
<div class='line'>Across the sea we've passed.</div>
</div>
<div class='chorus'>
<div class='line'>Praise the Lord! Praise the Lord!</div>
<div class='line'>Now we stand</div>
<div class='line'>As the Hebrews, Hallelujah,</div>
<div class='line'>On the sea! Praise the Lord!</div>
<div class='line'>We've passed through everything!</div>
</div>
<div style='height:40px'></div>
</body></html>
