<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=UTF-8"/>
<title>Hymn 1271</title>
<link href='../stylesheet.css' rel='stylesheet' type='text/css'/>
</head>
<body>
<div style='text-align:center'>
<a href='1270.xhtml' class='hidden_a'><b> &lt; </b></a>
<a href='../nav/nav_0000.xhtml' class='hidden_a'>
E<b>1271</b> C<b>-</b> K<b>981</b> S<b>-</b>
</a>
 <a href='1272.xhtml' class='hidden_a'><b> &gt; </b></a>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>1</b> We're the river-crossers, Hebrews is our name;</div>
<div class='line'>Crossed the Euphrates, idols all are slain.</div>
<div class='line'>Entered into Canaan, left the other side;</div>
<div class='line'>Seeking a city, which shall e'er abide.</div>
</div>
<div class='chorus'>
<div class='line'>We are the Hebrews, that's our real name;</div>
<div class='line'>We've crossed the river, we are not the same.</div>
<div class='line'>Building God's house that He may dwell on earth,</div>
<div class='line'>Building God's house that He may dwell on earth.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>2</b> We were bound in Egypt, building for the foe;</div>
<div class='line'>God of the Hebrews said, "Let My people go!"</div>
<div class='line'>We have crossed the Red Sea, reached the other side;</div>
<div class='line'>Pharaoh, his army, perished in the tide.</div>
</div>
<div class='chorus'>
<div class='line'>God of the Hebrews, speak again today;</div>
<div class='line'>God of the Hebrews, lead us all the way.</div>
<div class='line'>Save all Your people from this crooked age,</div>
<div class='line'>Save all Your people from this crooked age</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>3</b> We're released, and now we build the house of God;</div>
<div class='line'>His tabernacle is our true abode.</div>
<div class='line'>Forty years of oldness left in Jordan's tide,</div>
<div class='line'>Fight we for Canaan on the kingdom side.</div>
</div>
<div class='chorus'>
<div class='line'>Salvation's Captain sounds the trump of war;</div>
<div class='line'>City by city, take we more and more,</div>
<div class='line'>To gain His kingdom, enter into rest,</div>
<div class='line'>To gain His kingdom, enter into rest.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>4</b> What was once God-given soon a form became;</div>
<div class='line'>Then John the Baptist did God's word proclaim -</div>
<div class='line'>Make another crossing, God is going on;</div>
<div class='line'>Judaism's over; listen to My Son!</div>
</div>
<div class='chorus'>
<div class='line'>Turn from the prophets, turn unto the Son;</div>
<div class='line'>He's My Beloved, He and I are one;</div>
<div class='line'>His Word will save you to the uttermost,</div>
<div class='line'>His Word will save you to the uttermost.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>5</b> Now we're overcomers on the sea of glass;</div>
<div class='line'>This final crossing will forever last.</div>
<div class='line'>Sing the song of Moses, make the praise complete,</div>
<div class='line'>Look! All our enemies beneath our feet.</div>
</div>
<div class='chorus'>
<div class='line'>We're overcomers, that's our real name.</div>
<div class='line'>God has His city; Satan gets the shame.</div>
<div class='line'>God is our portion for eternity,</div>
<div class='line'>God is our portion for eternity.</div>
</div>
<div style='height:40px'></div>
</body></html>
