<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=UTF-8"/>
<title>Hymn 1274</title>
<link href='../stylesheet.css' rel='stylesheet' type='text/css'/>
</head>
<body>
<div style='text-align:center'>
<a href='1273.xhtml' class='hidden_a'><b> &lt; </b></a>
<a href='../nav/nav_0000.xhtml' class='hidden_a'>
E<b>1274</b> C<b>s512</b> K<b>-</b> S<b>-</b>
</a>
 <a href='1275.xhtml' class='hidden_a'><b> &gt; </b></a>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>1</b> In Revelation two and three,</div>
<div class='line'>The seven local churches see:</div>
<div class='line'>The lessons there for you and me</div>
<div class='line'>Are for the Lord's recovery.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>2</b> The words to them are words to us,</div>
<div class='line'>So that the church be glorious,</div>
<div class='line'>And all their warnings we must heed</div>
<div class='line'>So that the Lord can meet His need.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>3</b> To Ephesus, the word is clear:</div>
<div class='line'>"To your first love you're not so near;</div>
<div class='line'>You've left to work so far away;</div>
<div class='line'>Repent, return to Him today."</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>4</b> Thus, we must all turn back to Him,</div>
<div class='line'>Leave other loves, for these are sin.</div>
<div class='line'>Oh, let us hearken to His call -</div>
<div class='line'>If we miss this, we've missed it all!</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>5</b> Then unto Smyrna, suffering, sore -</div>
<div class='line'>"You have been tried, but something more -</div>
<div class='line'>Be faithful unto death," we're told</div>
<div class='line'>(Not just of body but of soul).</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>6</b> Be faithful 'til what's natural dies;</div>
<div class='line'>Your circumstances don't despise;</div>
<div class='line'>The Lord has sent them all to you</div>
<div class='line'>To prove that your first love is true.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>7</b> From Pergamos we clearly see</div>
<div class='line'>The world has wed Christianity!</div>
<div class='line'>And faithful Antipas did fall -</div>
<div class='line'>He dared to stand against it all.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>8</b> To wed the world we all must fear:</div>
<div class='line'>His spoken word will save us here -</div>
<div class='line'>If to His speaking we give heed,</div>
<div class='line'>We'll separated be indeed.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>9</b> Then Thyatira comes at length:</div>
<div class='line'>Her mixture with the world her strength.</div>
<div class='line'>Fine flour leavened by the yeast,</div>
<div class='line'>A harlot riding on a beast.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>10</b> Lord, we are mixed but hardly know;</div>
<div class='line'>To us this mixture fully show.</div>
<div class='line'>Each added thing we will refute</div>
<div class='line'>Until we're wholly absolute.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>11</b> And then from Sardis, we can know</div>
<div class='line'>Life is the way that we must go!</div>
<div class='line'>She says she's living, but she's dead;</div>
<div class='line'>She needs to touch the Lord instead.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>12</b> Lord, take us all the way to life</div>
<div class='line'>To overcome the deadness rife.</div>
<div class='line'>Away from deadness we would flee</div>
<div class='line'>That full of life we'll always be.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>13</b> Now Philadelphia comes at last;</div>
<div class='line'>That which she has she should hold fast -</div>
<div class='line'>The brothers' love, the name, the word;</div>
<div class='line'>This church has satisfied the Lord.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>14</b> We as the brothers all are one;</div>
<div class='line'>We're one by life, and life alone.</div>
<div class='line'>If we His word and name do keep</div>
<div class='line'>A glorious building God will reap.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>15</b> Laodicea warns us all:</div>
<div class='line'>From Philadelphia some will fall.</div>
<div class='line'>By saying, "I am rich," it's then</div>
<div class='line'>The Lord is outside wanting in.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>16</b> Lukewarmness we must ever spurn</div>
<div class='line'>And in the spirit always burn,</div>
<div class='line'>The inward life experience gain,</div>
<div class='line'>And pay the price with Him to reign.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>17</b> Lord, shine Your light on us today</div>
<div class='line'>That we may fully go Your way;</div>
<div class='line'>Anoint our eyes and let us see</div>
<div class='line'>So You can have recovery.</div>
</div>
<div style='height:40px'></div>
</body></html>
