<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=UTF-8"/>
<title>Hymn 1275</title>
<link href='../stylesheet.css' rel='stylesheet' type='text/css'/>
</head>
<body>
<div style='text-align:center'>
<a href='1274.xhtml' class='hidden_a'><b> &lt; </b></a>
<a href='../nav/nav_0000.xhtml' class='hidden_a'>
E<b>1275</b> C<b>-</b> K<b>-</b> S<b>389</b>
</a>
 <a href='1276.xhtml' class='hidden_a'><b> &gt; </b></a>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>1</b> Glorious things of thee are spoken,</div>
<div class='line'>Philadelphia, church of love.</div>
<div class='line'>These things saith the One who's holy,</div>
<div class='line'>He who's real speaks from above;</div>
<div class='line'>He that has the key of David,</div>
<div class='line'>Who the kingdom's entrance won,</div>
<div class='line'>"I will open, no man shutteth" -</div>
<div class='line'>He has spoken; it is done.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>2</b> Hallelujah, Philadelphia,</div>
<div class='line'>Thine are works that please the Lord.</div>
<div class='line'>Strength thou hast, though just a little</div>
<div class='line'>And hast kept His living Word.</div>
<div class='line'>Thou His holy name denied not,</div>
<div class='line'>But confessed it here below -</div>
<div class='line'>Lo, a door is set before thee,</div>
<div class='line'>Through which none but thee can go.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>3</b> Thou, beloved Philadelphia,</div>
<div class='line'>Dost His Word of patience keep.</div>
<div class='line'>From the hour of trial He'll save thee,</div>
<div class='line'>Which o'er all the world shall sweep.</div>
<div class='line'>Troublers too shall know He loves thee;</div>
<div class='line'>They to thee must then bow down.</div>
<div class='line'>"Hold thou fast, for I come quickly,</div>
<div class='line'>That no man may take thy crown."</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>4</b> Hallelujah, overcomers,</div>
<div class='line'>"In the temple of My God,</div>
<div class='line'>I will build them in as pillars,</div>
<div class='line'>Nevermore to go abroad."</div>
<div class='line'>God's own name is written on them</div>
<div class='line'>And the new name of the Lord.</div>
<div class='line'>With the triune God they're blended;</div>
<div class='line'>They're the city of our God.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>5</b> Hallelujah, out of heaven,</div>
<div class='line'>Comes the New Jerusalem:</div>
<div class='line'>Gates of pearl and walls of jasper,</div>
<div class='line'>Mingled with each precious gem.</div>
<div class='line'>Philadelphia, Philadelphia,</div>
<div class='line'>Has become His Bride so dear.</div>
<div class='line'>Now the Spirit in the churches</div>
<div class='line'>Speaks to all who have an ear.</div>
</div>
<div style='height:40px'></div>
</body></html>
