<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=UTF-8"/>
<title>Hymn 1276</title>
<link href='../stylesheet.css' rel='stylesheet' type='text/css'/>
</head>
<body>
<div style='text-align:center'>
<a href='1275.xhtml' class='hidden_a'><b> &lt; </b></a>
<a href='../nav/nav_0000.xhtml' class='hidden_a'>
E<b>1276</b> C<b>-</b> K<b>-</b> S<b>-</b>
</a>
 <a href='1277.xhtml' class='hidden_a'><b> &gt; </b></a>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>1</b> Oh, the Lord is quickly coming,</div>
<div class='line'>He has spoken in His Word;</div>
<div class='line'>And confirmed it by the churches,</div>
<div class='line'>For His Spirit we have heard.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>2</b> Not to all the seven churches</div>
<div class='line'>Did the Lord speak in this way;</div>
<div class='line'>To the church in Philadelphia</div>
<div class='line'>Did He choose these words to say.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>3</b> Philadelphia, Philadelphia,</div>
<div class='line'>Church so full of brotherly love,</div>
<div class='line'>You're the church to bring the Bridegroom</div>
<div class='line'>Back to earth from heav'n above.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>4</b> He that hath the key of David,</div>
<div class='line'>He that shuts and opens too,</div>
<div class='line'>Knows thy works, O Philadelphia;</div>
<div class='line'>That's why you're His Bride so true.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>5</b> Not so strong by worldly standards,</div>
<div class='line'>Hidden from religion's fame;</div>
<div class='line'>Jesus loves you, Philadelphia,</div>
<div class='line'>For you're faithful to His name.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>6</b> By His Word you're overcoming -</div>
<div class='line'>How the Amen does resound!</div>
<div class='line'>Just hold fast to what you've gotten,</div>
<div class='line'>That no man may take your crown.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>7</b> You have kept His Word of patience;</div>
<div class='line'>He will keep you from that hour</div>
<div class='line'>Which upon the whole world cometh</div>
<div class='line'>When the Lord comes in His power.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>8</b> "I come quickly," Philadelphia,</div>
<div class='line'>Speaks the Lord to none but you;</div>
<div class='line'>"Amen! Quickly come, Lord Jesus,"</div>
<div class='line'>Answer back His faithful few.</div>
</div>
<div style='height:40px'></div>
</body></html>
