<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=UTF-8"/>
<title>Hymn 1287</title>
<link href='../stylesheet.css' rel='stylesheet' type='text/css'/>
</head>
<body>
<div style='text-align:center'>
<a href='1286.xhtml' class='hidden_a'><b> &lt; </b></a>
<a href='../nav/nav_0000.xhtml' class='hidden_a'>
E<b>1287</b> C<b>s243</b> K<b>-</b> S<b>404</b>
</a>
 <a href='1288.xhtml' class='hidden_a'><b> &gt; </b></a>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>1</b> Let's take the land! The land that God has given us;</div>
<div class='line'>In all our living, Christ can be so much;</div>
<div class='line'>To take this land, we have th' equipment that we need -</div>
<div class='line'>The blood, the Word, the Spirit, and the church.</div>
</div>
<div class='chorus'>
<div class='line'>Let's take the land! O Christian brothers,</div>
<div class='line'>The land that God has given us.</div>
<div class='line'>Be strong and take it, for we can make it</div>
<div class='line'>And gain this land so glorious!</div>
<div class='line'>Let's take the land! O Christian sisters,</div>
<div class='line'>And to these things give earnest heed.</div>
<div class='line'>The Lord implores us; He's gone before us</div>
<div class='line'>And given everything we need!</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>2</b> We have the blood! Christ is our spotless offering,</div>
<div class='line'>Who gave Himself, our God to satisfy;</div>
<div class='line'>And so we come with boldness to the throne of grace,</div>
<div class='line'>And all day long, the precious blood apply.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>3</b> We have the Word! The written Word's our daily food;</div>
<div class='line'>We mix this Word with faith and say "Amen!"</div>
<div class='line'>Then thro' the day, the spoken Word will speak to us</div>
<div class='line'>And regulate our living from within.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>4</b> The Spirit's ours! The Spirit of reality,</div>
<div class='line'>He's independent of the way we feel;</div>
<div class='line'>He dwells in us, and teaches us to dwell in Him,</div>
<div class='line'>And guides us into everything that's real.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>5</b> We have the church! All saints are needed to possess</div>
<div class='line'>The fullness of this vast reality;</div>
<div class='line'>Together we will gain this all-inclusive Christ,</div>
<div class='line'>And He to us our everything will be.</div>
</div>
<div style='height:40px'></div>
</body></html>
