<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=UTF-8"/>
<title>Hymn 1290</title>
<link href='../stylesheet.css' rel='stylesheet' type='text/css'/>
</head>
<body>
<div style='text-align:center'>
<a href='1289.xhtml' class='hidden_a'><b> &lt; </b></a>
<a href='../nav/nav_0000.xhtml' class='hidden_a'>
E<b>1290</b> C<b>-</b> K<b>-</b> S<b>-</b>
</a>
 <a href='1291.xhtml' class='hidden_a'><b> &gt; </b></a>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>1</b> O Lord, we've seen Your purpose to bring the many sons</div>
<div class='line'>To share in Your full glory and see Your kingdom come.</div>
<div class='line'>We praise You, Lord, this glory is You, Yourself within,</div>
<div class='line'>Spread out in all Your people to shine in all of them.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>2</b> Since we received Your life, Lord, a seed's been growing there:</div>
<div class='line'>The seed of inward glory, the glory we will share!</div>
<div class='line'>By growing 'til the blossom of glory blooms in full,</div>
<div class='line'>We'll thus enjoy Your increase and glory bountiful.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>3</b> Hail! Captain of Salvation! Our heav'nly Pioneer!</div>
<div class='line'>Our praises, midst the battle and tumult, You will hear.</div>
<div class='line'>We're following our Captain all through the mighty fray.</div>
<div class='line'>Our glorious, faithful Captain sustains us all the way.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>4</b> Lord, fighting on to glory, You now have gone before;</div>
<div class='line'>Now fighting in Your footsteps we'll conquer o'er and o'er.</div>
<div class='line'>From glory unto glory, we'll fight until we see</div>
<div class='line'>The glory from within us shall manifested be.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>5</b> Then, Lord, at last the fighting and battle cry will cease,</div>
<div class='line'>And we'll appear in glory, Your kingdom and increase.</div>
<div class='line'>That day we'll be completed, that day Your face we'll see,</div>
<div class='line'>For in that blessed day, Lord, we'll in the glory be!</div>
</div>
<div style='height:40px'></div>
</body></html>
