<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=UTF-8"/>
<title>Hymn 1294</title>
<link href='../stylesheet.css' rel='stylesheet' type='text/css'/>
</head>
<body>
<div style='text-align:center'>
<a href='1293.xhtml' class='hidden_a'><b> &lt; </b></a>
<a href='../nav/nav_0000.xhtml' class='hidden_a'>
E<b>1294</b> C<b>-</b> K<b>-</b> S<b>-</b>
</a>
 <a href='1295.xhtml' class='hidden_a'><b> &gt; </b></a>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>1</b> Come let us speak till the kingdom of the Lord comes down.</div>
<div class='line'>Yes, let us speak till the kingdom of the Lord comes down.</div>
<div class='line'>Why hold your peace?</div>
<div class='line'>The Word release.</div>
<div class='line'>Let us speak until the kingdom of the Lord comes down.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>2</b> Oh, loose the Word! It shall not return unto Him void.</div>
<div class='line'>Yes, loose the Word! It shall not return unto Him void.</div>
<div class='line'>Let's sow the seed,</div>
<div class='line'>This is our need;</div>
<div class='line'>Loose the Word, and it shall not return unto Him void!</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>3</b> It's gospel time! Let us spread the gospel all around.</div>
<div class='line'>Yes, gospel time! We will never fear the people's frown!</div>
<div class='line'>God's done His work;</div>
<div class='line'>Let us not shirk;</div>
<div class='line'>We're but pilgrims here, and we'll not fear the people's frown!</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>4</b> If we will speak, Christ will witness in the hearts of men.</div>
<div class='line'>If we will speak, Christ will witness in the hearts of men.</div>
<div class='line'>Tell every man,</div>
<div class='line'>Win all we can.</div>
<div class='line'>Through our speaking, Christ is speaking in the hearts of men!</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>5</b> The harvest's ripe! We are preaching the full gospel now!</div>
<div class='line'>The fields are white! We are preaching the full gospel now!</div>
<div class='line'>For this men search - Christ and the church!</div>
<div class='line'>Let us reap the harvest, preaching the full gospel now!</div>
</div>
<div style='height:40px'></div>
</body></html>
