<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=UTF-8"/>
<title>Hymn 1295</title>
<link href='../stylesheet.css' rel='stylesheet' type='text/css'/>
</head>
<body>
<div style='text-align:center'>
<a href='1294.xhtml' class='hidden_a'><b> &lt; </b></a>
<a href='../nav/nav_0000.xhtml' class='hidden_a'>
E<b>1295</b> C<b>-</b> K<b>1014</b> S<b>420</b>
</a>
 <a href='1296.xhtml' class='hidden_a'><b> &gt; </b></a>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>1</b> Ours is a fellowship in the gospel</div>
<div class='line'>Since we received the Lord;</div>
<div class='line'>We're for the furtherance of the gospel,</div>
<div class='line'>Spreading to all His Word.</div>
<div class='line'>For its defense and strong confirmation</div>
<div class='line'>We all partake of grace -</div>
<div class='line'>He who began this work will perfect it</div>
<div class='line'>Till we shall see His face.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>2</b> May all the things that come to us daily</div>
<div class='line'>Unto the gospel turn,</div>
<div class='line'>That all may see we're bound for the gospel</div>
<div class='line'>And of the Lord may learn.</div>
<div class='line'>May we be bold and fearless in spirit,</div>
<div class='line'>Speaking the Word of God,</div>
<div class='line'>Do it in love and do it in power,</div>
<div class='line'>While living in the Lord.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>3</b> Lord, we're expecting that we'll be given</div>
<div class='line'>Boldness with every breath.</div>
<div class='line'>Christ must be magnified in our body</div>
<div class='line'>Whether by life or death.</div>
<div class='line'>We hope in nothing to be ashamed,</div>
<div class='line'>For us to live is Christ -</div>
<div class='line'>He is the Person in all our living,</div>
<div class='line'>Our everything, our life.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>4</b> May all our lives be worthy the gospel</div>
<div class='line'>Whatever may betide,</div>
<div class='line'>All standing fast in oneness of spirit,</div>
<div class='line'>All striving side by side.</div>
<div class='line'>Let us proclaim the gospel in fullness</div>
<div class='line'>To satisfy the Lord:</div>
<div class='line'>Christ is the life, the church His expression,</div>
<div class='line'>Sound everywhere abroad.</div>
</div>
<div style='height:40px'></div>
</body></html>
