<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=UTF-8"/>
<title>Hymn 1296</title>
<link href='../stylesheet.css' rel='stylesheet' type='text/css'/>
</head>
<body>
<div style='text-align:center'>
<a href='1295.xhtml' class='hidden_a'><b> &lt; </b></a>
<a href='../nav/nav_0000.xhtml' class='hidden_a'>
E<b>1296</b> C<b>-</b> K<b>-</b> S<b>-</b>
</a>
 <a href='1297.xhtml' class='hidden_a'><b> &gt; </b></a>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>1</b> The universe of God consists</div>
<div class='line'>Of heaven, earth, and air.</div>
<div class='line'>The enemy of God resists</div>
<div class='line'>His purpose everywhere.</div>
<div class='line'>At first the mighty rebel one</div>
<div class='line'>The earth from God obtained;</div>
<div class='line'>Then from the Lord the air had won,</div>
<div class='line'>Establishing his reign.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>2</b> So God's intention was to gain</div>
<div class='line'>His kingdom on the earth,</div>
<div class='line'>The place where He could fully reign</div>
<div class='line'>And show to all His worth.</div>
<div class='line'>Thus He began in Genesis</div>
<div class='line'>To forward His great plan.</div>
<div class='line'>Out of this darkened, lost abyss</div>
<div class='line'>Our God created man.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>3</b> But Satan caused the man to fall</div>
<div class='line'>From God's eternal grace.</div>
<div class='line'>Then Abraham received the call</div>
<div class='line'>To head the chosen race.</div>
<div class='line'>The Jews were led from Pharaoh's hand</div>
<div class='line'>Through sea and wilderness</div>
<div class='line'>Into the promised Canaan land,</div>
<div class='line'>God's kingdom to express.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>4</b> The Israelites refused God's reign,</div>
<div class='line'>Desired an earthly king;</div>
<div class='line'>The kingdom then was lost again</div>
<div class='line'>Till David was to bring</div>
<div class='line'>God's kingdom back to earth once more</div>
<div class='line'>For God to rule through him;</div>
<div class='line'>But Israel failed as once before</div>
<div class='line'>God's kingdom to bring in.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>5</b> Such was the situation when</div>
<div class='line'>Our God became a man,</div>
<div class='line'>Declaring to all men, "Repent!</div>
<div class='line'>The kingdom is at hand."</div>
<div class='line'>A perfect model of God's rule,</div>
<div class='line'>The King, full qualified!</div>
<div class='line'>But Satan as a desperate fool</div>
<div class='line'>Had Jesus crucified.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>6</b> This Jesus went into the grave</div>
<div class='line'>And death He overcame.</div>
<div class='line'>Now resurrected He will save</div>
<div class='line'>The earth from Satan's reign.</div>
<div class='line'>He as the Spirit enters man</div>
<div class='line'>To fill him with His life.</div>
<div class='line'>These men, the church, fulfill His plan</div>
<div class='line'>To save the earth from strife.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>7</b> Now on the earth the church we see,</div>
<div class='line'>God's kingdom here expressed,</div>
<div class='line'>Where He has full authority</div>
<div class='line'>His rule to manifest.</div>
<div class='line'>The place where Satan has to flee</div>
<div class='line'>Our mighty conquering rod,</div>
<div class='line'>The kingdom through the church will be</div>
<div class='line'>Brought to the earth for God.</div>
</div>
<div style='height:40px'></div>
</body></html>
