<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=UTF-8"/>
<title>Hymn 1299</title>
<link href='../stylesheet.css' rel='stylesheet' type='text/css'/>
</head>
<body>
<div style='text-align:center'>
<a href='1298.xhtml' class='hidden_a'><b> &lt; </b></a>
<a href='../nav/nav_0000.xhtml' class='hidden_a'>
E<b>1299</b> C<b>-</b> K<b>-</b> S<b>432</b>
</a>
 <a href='1300.xhtml' class='hidden_a'><b> &gt; </b></a>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>1</b> Man's Creator has a purpose</div>
<div class='line'>For our being here on earth.</div>
<div class='line'>In His image we're created,</div>
<div class='line'>To express His rule on earth.</div>
<div class='line'>But man fell to Satan's tempting;</div>
<div class='line'>Thus God's goal was hid from view.</div>
<div class='line'>Still our God will have His kingdom,</div>
<div class='line'>For His Son will see it through.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>2</b> Jesus Christ will get His kingdom</div>
<div class='line'>Notwithstanding Satan's plans;</div>
<div class='line'>He's obtaining something real by</div>
<div class='line'>Growing in the hearts of man.</div>
<div class='line'>Nothing like religion teaches:</div>
<div class='line'>"You must wait until you die" -</div>
<div class='line'>For the kingdom Christ is building,</div>
<div class='line'>Is on earth before our eyes.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>3</b> His Son, Jesus, is our Savior.</div>
<div class='line'>Once in human form He came.</div>
<div class='line'>Now as Spirit He can enter</div>
<div class='line'>As the breath of life to man.</div>
<div class='line'>As a seed within our spirit</div>
<div class='line'>Christ takes root and starts to grow,</div>
<div class='line'>Spreading in our inmost being</div>
<div class='line'>Till His life we come to know.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>4</b> Time is short, oh, brothers, hear it,</div>
<div class='line'>Christ is longing for His Bride.</div>
<div class='line'>We can hasten His returning</div>
<div class='line'>Simply by the growth in life.</div>
<div class='line'>No more struggling, no more striving,</div>
<div class='line'>Simply turn to Christ within.</div>
<div class='line'>See the seed begin to blossom,</div>
<div class='line'>Growing fully into Him.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>5</b> Jesus Christ will get His kingdom</div>
<div class='line'>Just by growth - the normal way.</div>
<div class='line'>Not an instant transformation;</div>
<div class='line'>Growth goes on from day to day.</div>
<div class='line'>This life-seed is all-inclusive -</div>
<div class='line'>Everything we'll ever need;</div>
<div class='line'>Yes, our God's eternal purpose</div>
<div class='line'>Is within this precious seed.</div>
</div>
<div style='height:40px'></div>
</body></html>
