<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=UTF-8"/>
<title>Hymn 1300</title>
<link href='../stylesheet.css' rel='stylesheet' type='text/css'/>
</head>
<body>
<div style='text-align:center'>
<a href='1299.xhtml' class='hidden_a'><b> &lt; </b></a>
<a href='../nav/nav_0000.xhtml' class='hidden_a'>
E<b>1300</b> C<b>-</b> K<b>-</b> S<b>-</b>
</a>
 <a href='1301.xhtml' class='hidden_a'><b> &gt; </b></a>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>1</b> The Lord has been revealed in us,</div>
<div class='line'>The kingdom-seed so glorious;</div>
<div class='line'>He's planted deeper than our heart,</div>
<div class='line'>And from us He will ne'er depart.</div>
<div class='line'>This seed is never satisfied</div>
<div class='line'>Just in our spirits to abide;</div>
<div class='line'>He wants to grow and spread today</div>
<div class='line'>To live in us in every way.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>2</b> We're like a glove, an empty man,</div>
<div class='line'>So meaningless without a hand;</div>
<div class='line'>Lord, saturate each inward part</div>
<div class='line'>And form Yourself in all our heart.</div>
<div class='line'>The Lord must spread into our mind,</div>
<div class='line'>Our natural thoughts and concepts bind;</div>
<div class='line'>Imaginations, dreams be gone,</div>
<div class='line'>The kingdom-seed in us is sown!</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>3</b> In our emotions He must grow;</div>
<div class='line'>Raw, fragile feelings overthrow;</div>
<div class='line'>Our love, our hatred, must be His -</div>
<div class='line'>Lord, we agree with You for this.</div>
<div class='line'>Another part the Lord must fill -</div>
<div class='line'>Our hard, unbending, stubborn will;</div>
<div class='line'>Lord, our resistance quickly break,</div>
<div class='line'>Subdue us for Thy kingdom's sake.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>4</b> Our conscience too the Lord must clear,</div>
<div class='line'>That we may walk in godly fear;</div>
<div class='line'>Our conscience must be keen today,</div>
<div class='line'>Else we cannot the Lord obey.</div>
<div class='line'>'Tis by His growing, spreading thus,</div>
<div class='line'>The Lord will have His home in us;</div>
<div class='line'>A place on earth where He is Lord,</div>
<div class='line'>Full rights to Him we will afford.</div>
</div>
<div style='height:40px'></div>
</body></html>
