<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=UTF-8"/>
<title>Hymn 1303</title>
<link href='../stylesheet.css' rel='stylesheet' type='text/css'/>
</head>
<body>
<div style='text-align:center'>
<a href='1302.xhtml' class='hidden_a'><b> &lt; </b></a>
<a href='../nav/nav_0000.xhtml' class='hidden_a'>
E<b>1303</b> C<b>s914</b> K<b>-</b> S<b>-</b>
</a>
 <a href='1304.xhtml' class='hidden_a'><b> &gt; </b></a>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>1</b> The kingdom of God is at hand:</div>
<div class='line'>Ten virgins with lamps lit arise</div>
<div class='line'>To go forth to meet the Bridegroom,</div>
<div class='line'>But only five virgins are wise.</div>
<div class='line'>The wise have abundance of oil,</div>
<div class='line'>The foolish are empty instead;</div>
<div class='line'>The wise used their time to buy oil,</div>
<div class='line'>The others their chance forfeited.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>2</b> Lord Jesus, Thy message is clear:</div>
<div class='line'>You're coming for those who are wise,</div>
<div class='line'>Who buy up their oil today,</div>
<div class='line'>Who deal with all hindering ties.</div>
<div class='line'>Those virgins whose souls are transformed,</div>
<div class='line'>Whose vessels much oil contain,</div>
<div class='line'>Who love not their lives unto death -</div>
<div class='line'>They in Thy great kingdom shall reign.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>3</b> Our lamps to shine forth must be trimmed</div>
<div class='line'>By calling on Thee every day.</div>
<div class='line'>In spirit we must exercise</div>
<div class='line'>To burn all the oldness away.</div>
<div class='line'>But there is a much deeper need:</div>
<div class='line'>Reality in us must grow,</div>
<div class='line'>Until it make home in our hearts,</div>
<div class='line'>Till oil in our vessels o'erflows.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>4</b> We see how this age is so dark,</div>
<div class='line'>We know that blest hour is near.</div>
<div class='line'>Our Lord may return anytime -</div>
<div class='line'>Lord, strike in us this holy fear,</div>
<div class='line'>That we may each moment redeem</div>
<div class='line'>By taking Thy Word in by prayer,</div>
<div class='line'>By learning each lesson You give,</div>
<div class='line'>And thus for that hour prepare.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>5</b> Lord Jesus, how blest to be those</div>
<div class='line'>Who bring in Thy kingdom to earth,</div>
<div class='line'>Affording Thee rule over all</div>
<div class='line'>And showing to all Thy great worth!</div>
<div class='line'>How blest to be those at the feast,</div>
<div class='line'>Where Thou wilt be one with Thy Bride!</div>
<div class='line'>Lord, make us wise virgins for Thee,</div>
<div class='line'>Who e'er in Thy presence abide.</div>
</div>
<div style='height:40px'></div>
</body></html>
