<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=UTF-8"/>
<title>Hymn 1304</title>
<link href='../stylesheet.css' rel='stylesheet' type='text/css'/>
</head>
<body>
<div style='text-align:center'>
<a href='1303.xhtml' class='hidden_a'><b> &lt; </b></a>
<a href='../nav/nav_0000.xhtml' class='hidden_a'>
E<b>1304</b> C<b>-</b> K<b>-</b> S<b>-</b>
</a>
 <a href='1305.xhtml' class='hidden_a'><b> &gt; </b></a>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>1</b> Christ comes quickly for His Bride,</div>
<div class='line'>Wedding feast He will provide,</div>
<div class='line'>Garments bright and pure supplied -</div>
<div class='line'>Dress in time!</div>
<div class='line'>Taking Christ as life she's dressed,</div>
<div class='line'>By much suffering stitched and pressed;</div>
<div class='line'>Righteous acts are thus possessed -</div>
<div class='line'>Dress in time!</div>
</div>
<div class='chorus'>
<div class='line'>Be in time! Be in time!</div>
<div class='line'>For the marriage feast of Jesus</div>
<div class='line'>Be in time!</div>
<div class='line'>If your soul life you deny</div>
<div class='line'>And the Spirit you apply,</div>
<div class='line'>Then you'll fully qualify -</div>
<div class='line'>Be in time!</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>2</b> Virgins Christ comes quickly for,</div>
<div class='line'>Those with oil an extra store,</div>
<div class='line'>Not the fools who oil ignore -</div>
<div class='line'>Buy in time!</div>
<div class='line'>For the oil a price we pay,</div>
<div class='line'>Deal with self without delay,</div>
<div class='line'>Fill your vessels every day -</div>
<div class='line'>Buy in time!</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>3</b> For His servants Christ will come</div>
<div class='line'>And reward each faithful one;</div>
<div class='line'>Slothful ones will be undone -</div>
<div class='line'>Serve in time!</div>
<div class='line'>Make your single talent count,</div>
<div class='line'>All self's problems now surmount,</div>
<div class='line'>Serve with Christ, the living fount -</div>
<div class='line'>Serve in time!</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>4</b> Christ comes quickly for His grain,</div>
<div class='line'>Ripened firstfruits to obtain;</div>
<div class='line'>Unripe harvest will remain -</div>
<div class='line'>Ripen now!</div>
<div class='line'>From earth's water grain must dry,</div>
<div class='line'>From the world your soul deny;</div>
<div class='line'>To mature the self must die -</div>
<div class='line'>Ripen now!</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>5</b> Overcomers Christ will take,</div>
<div class='line'>Those who all for Him forsake,</div>
<div class='line'>Those who of first love partake -</div>
<div class='line'>Win in time!</div>
<div class='line'>All the deadness overcome,</div>
<div class='line'>With the living Christ be one,</div>
<div class='line'>Toward the goal now swiftly run -</div>
<div class='line'>Win in time!</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>6</b> Christ comes for His kingdom too;</div>
<div class='line'>Heav'nly reign we must pursue,</div>
<div class='line'>Let His rule our self subdue -</div>
<div class='line'>Yield in time!</div>
<div class='line'>Rebel self must be dethroned,</div>
<div class='line'>Lessons must not be postponed,</div>
<div class='line'>Quickly yield to Christ enthroned -</div>
<div class='line'>Yield in time!</div>
</div>
<div style='height:40px'></div>
</body></html>
