<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=UTF-8"/>
<title>Hymn 1307</title>
<link href='../stylesheet.css' rel='stylesheet' type='text/css'/>
</head>
<body>
<div style='text-align:center'>
<a href='1306.xhtml' class='hidden_a'><b> &lt; </b></a>
<a href='../nav/nav_0000.xhtml' class='hidden_a'>
E<b>1307</b> C<b>-</b> K<b>-</b> S<b>-</b>
</a>
 <a href='1308.xhtml' class='hidden_a'><b> &gt; </b></a>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>1</b> The day approaches; Jesus soon is coming.</div>
<div class='line'>Redeem the time; it must not slip away.</div>
<div class='line'>Lord, make us ready for the cry: "Behold Him!"</div>
<div class='line'>By using every moment of each day.</div>
</div>
<div class='chorus'>
<div class='line'>When Jesus comes, will we go in to meet Him?</div>
<div class='line'>When Jesus comes, will we from self have ceased?</div>
<div class='line'>He's coming soon to take the wise ones with Him.</div>
<div class='line'>Oh, let us not be left outside the feast.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>2</b> Lord, help us to redeem these golden moments;</div>
<div class='line'>Our vessels fill with ointment from above;</div>
<div class='line'>Help us amen each trial and tribulation;</div>
<div class='line'>Increase in us; make us abound in love.</div>
</div>
<div class='chorus'>
<div class='line'>He's coming soon - these moments are so precious.</div>
<div class='line'>The oil is here - Oh, let us buy the more.</div>
<div class='line'>Amen the trials and welcome tribulations -</div>
<div class='line'>The kingdom's ours through these afflictions sore.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>3</b> Lord, ever turn us from our soulish pleasures</div>
<div class='line'>To gaze upon Thy tender, loving face.</div>
<div class='line'>Oh, keep us running forth to meet the Bridegroom</div>
<div class='line'>And patiently attending to the race.</div>
</div>
<div class='chorus'>
<div class='line'>When Jesus comes, will we be in His presence?</div>
<div class='line'>When Jesus comes, will we His face behold?</div>
<div class='line'>Oh, let us not return to sloth and folly,</div>
<div class='line'>But jealously His loving presence hold.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>4</b> As His dear Bride, let us go forth to meet Him,</div>
<div class='line'>Our lamps well-trimmed, our fires burning bright,</div>
<div class='line'>Our vessels filled, our eyes set on His glory,</div>
<div class='line'>To be with Him completely satisfied.</div>
</div>
<div class='chorus'>
<div class='line'>Yes, satisfied - Christ and His Bride together,</div>
<div class='line'>Yes, satisfied - throughout eternity.</div>
<div class='line'>Oh, what a rest, what joy, what love, what favor</div>
<div class='line'>To be His Bride when He comes to His feast!</div>
</div>
<div style='height:40px'></div>
</body></html>
