<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=UTF-8"/>
<title>Hymn 1313</title>
<link href='../stylesheet.css' rel='stylesheet' type='text/css'/>
</head>
<body>
<div style='text-align:center'>
<a href='1312.xhtml' class='hidden_a'><b> &lt; </b></a>
<a href='../nav/nav_0000.xhtml' class='hidden_a'>
E<b>1313</b> C<b>-</b> K<b>861</b> S<b>-</b>
</a>
 <a href='1314.xhtml' class='hidden_a'><b> &gt; </b></a>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>1</b> In that bright and golden moment</div>
<div class='line'>when the Christ we love shall come,</div>
<div class='line'>And the radiance of His glory we shall see;</div>
<div class='line'>When the Bride shall meet the Bridegroom</div>
<div class='line'>and His loving wife become,</div>
<div class='line'>What a meeting, what a meeting that will be!</div>
</div>
<div class='chorus'>
<div class='line'>What a meeting, what a meeting,</div>
<div class='line'>What a meeting with our Lover,</div>
<div class='line'>with our Bridegroom in the air!</div>
<div class='line'>What a meeting, what a meeting,</div>
<div class='line'>What a meeting any moment we will share!</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>2</b> When to all who love His coming</div>
<div class='line'>He shall speak the word, "Arise!"</div>
<div class='line'>Oh, how blessed for that summons to be free!</div>
<div class='line'>With what rapture we shall greet Him</div>
<div class='line'>as we join Him in the skies -</div>
<div class='line'>What a meeting, what a meeting that will be!</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>3</b> Now in all the local churches</div>
<div class='line'>we are meeting day by day</div>
<div class='line'>And expecting any moment Christ to see,</div>
<div class='line'>But when Jesus comes the meeting starts</div>
<div class='line'>that ne'er will pass away -</div>
<div class='line'>What a meeting, what a meeting that will be!</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>4</b> Even now while we are meeting, Lord,</div>
<div class='line'>we hope to see Thy face</div>
<div class='line'>And forever without ceasing be with Thee.</div>
<div class='line'>Then we'll just go right on meeting</div>
<div class='line'>in another meeting place -</div>
<div class='line'>What a meeting, what a meeting this will be!</div>
</div>
<div style='height:40px'></div>
</body></html>
