<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=UTF-8"/>
<title>Hymn 1317</title>
<link href='../stylesheet.css' rel='stylesheet' type='text/css'/>
</head>
<body>
<div style='text-align:center'>
<a href='1316.xhtml' class='hidden_a'><b> &lt; </b></a>
<a href='../nav/nav_0000.xhtml' class='hidden_a'>
E<b>1317</b> C<b>-</b> K<b>-</b> S<b>-</b>
</a>
 <a href='1318.xhtml' class='hidden_a'><b> &gt; </b></a>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>1</b> When our Lord comes in glory and we're raptured to His side,</div>
<div class='line'>When that bright and glorious moment we shall see,</div>
<div class='line'>We shall know our dear Bridegroom as He comes to take His Bride,</div>
<div class='line'>And He'll know the Bride He's loved so tenderly.</div>
</div>
<div class='chorus'>
<div class='line'>We shall know Him! We shall know Him!</div>
<div class='line'>When we see Him, our Bridegroom glorified!</div>
<div class='line'>He shall know us! He shall know us!</div>
<div class='line'>We're His church, His beloved, and His Bride!</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>2</b> Even now in the Spirit He reveals Himself to us,</div>
<div class='line'>And His Person dear we've learned to recognize.</div>
<div class='line'>But our eyes shall behold Him - O what rapture glorious</div>
<div class='line'>When we gaze on Him unveiled in the skies!</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>3</b> In the Word we have seen Him shining forth in truth and grace,</div>
<div class='line'>O how blessed to behold His features thus!</div>
<div class='line'>But the day soon is coming when we'll see Him face to face,</div>
<div class='line'>He, the living Word, in full revealed to us.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>4</b> In the brothers and sisters, O how blest to see the Lord,</div>
<div class='line'>In their attitudes and actions Christ expressed!</div>
<div class='line'>But the day soon is coming when in rapturous accord</div>
<div class='line'>We shall see His Person fully manifest.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>5</b> In the meetings of the churches He's unveiled increasingly -</div>
<div class='line'>O the joy unspeakable and glory too!</div>
<div class='line'>As the meetings grow higher we're expecting soon to see</div>
<div class='line'>The full glory of our Lord come into view.</div>
</div>
<div style='height:40px'></div>
</body></html>
