<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=UTF-8"/>
<title>Hymn 1321</title>
<link href='../stylesheet.css' rel='stylesheet' type='text/css'/>
</head>
<body>
<div style='text-align:center'>
<a href='1320.xhtml' class='hidden_a'><b> &lt; </b></a>
<a href='../nav/nav_0000.xhtml' class='hidden_a'>
E<b>1321</b> C<b>-</b> K<b>-</b> S<b>-</b>
</a>
 <a href='1322.xhtml' class='hidden_a'><b> &gt; </b></a>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>1</b> The grace which God bestows on us</div>
<div class='line'>Is just His Son in full;</div>
<div class='line'>The rich enjoyment of this Christ</div>
<div class='line'>Is plenteous, bountiful.</div>
<div class='line'>'Tis far too great to comprehend,</div>
<div class='line'>Too wondrous to contain:</div>
<div class='line'>How we, once children of despair,</div>
<div class='line'>God's masterpiece became.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>2</b> The whole creation now beneath</div>
<div class='line'>The weight of bondage sore,</div>
<div class='line'>In seeing God's sons manifest</div>
<div class='line'>Is freed forevermore.</div>
<div class='line'>Th' eternal purpose of our God</div>
<div class='line'>Will be full manifest;</div>
<div class='line'>The hope of glory now concealed</div>
<div class='line'>Is then to all expressed.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>3</b> The briars will be myrtle trees,</div>
<div class='line'>The thorn will be no more,</div>
<div class='line'>And peace will reign where war did rage,</div>
<div class='line'>The curse will then be o'er.</div>
<div class='line'>'Tis then the trees shall clap their hands,</div>
<div class='line'>And all the hills shall sing;</div>
<div class='line'>This glorious freedom shall God's sons</div>
<div class='line'>Thus manifested bring.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>4</b> God's deepest work of grace goes on</div>
<div class='line'>Each day, though hidden, small,</div>
<div class='line'>Until that day, when manifest,</div>
<div class='line'>It is revealed to all.</div>
<div class='line'>By then God's wrought His finished work:</div>
<div class='line'>Himself dispensed to us;</div>
<div class='line'>And all creation 'round admires</div>
<div class='line'>His product, glorious.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>5</b> The angels that before our God</div>
<div class='line'>In brightest splendor stand,</div>
<div class='line'>Will join the universal praise</div>
<div class='line'>To Him for all He's planned.</div>
<div class='line'>And of the devil, of his end . . . ?</div>
<div class='line'>We'll praise the Lord for how</div>
<div class='line'>Just distant smoke is all that's left</div>
<div class='line'>Of all that troubles now.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>6</b> So shall we not delight to give</div>
<div class='line'>Ourselves in every way,</div>
<div class='line'>And let the Lord dispense Himself</div>
<div class='line'>Into us more each day;</div>
<div class='line'>The grace that we receive each day,</div>
<div class='line'>Though hidden oft, and small,</div>
<div class='line'>Is God Himself wrought into us,</div>
<div class='line'>That day to shine o'er all.</div>
</div>
<div style='height:40px'></div>
</body></html>
