<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=UTF-8"/>
<title>Hymn 1322</title>
<link href='../stylesheet.css' rel='stylesheet' type='text/css'/>
</head>
<body>
<div style='text-align:center'>
<a href='1321.xhtml' class='hidden_a'><b> &lt; </b></a>
<a href='../nav/nav_0000.xhtml' class='hidden_a'>
E<b>1322</b> C<b>-</b> K<b>-</b> S<b>-</b>
</a>
 <a href='1323.xhtml' class='hidden_a'><b> &gt; </b></a>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>1</b> In spirit, in the church we see</div>
<div class='line'>The high estate we're destined for.</div>
<div class='line'>It's higher, vaster, more profound</div>
<div class='line'>Than anything we've seen before.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>2</b> It's not a view in doctrine bare</div>
<div class='line'>But an unveiling of the Christ.</div>
<div class='line'>He's marvelous and far beyond</div>
<div class='line'>Our mental thought or power to share.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>3</b> He's rich, unlimited, profound,</div>
<div class='line'>Immeasurable, and marvelous.</div>
<div class='line'>Yet 'tis a greater wonder still</div>
<div class='line'>He needs heirs of salvation - us.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>4</b> God has accomplished many things -</div>
<div class='line'>He's planned, created, and brought forth.</div>
<div class='line'>The Son is now appointed Heir,</div>
<div class='line'>Administrator of God's worth.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>5</b> But in th' economy of God</div>
<div class='line'>There is not one, but many sons.</div>
<div class='line'>One is the firstborn Son of God</div>
<div class='line'>With many other living ones.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>6</b> Christ will inherit all God's things,</div>
<div class='line'>And we're the heirs of God with Christ.</div>
<div class='line'>We're growing now to be matured;</div>
<div class='line'>As heirs we'll soon be legalized.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>7</b> We're joint-heirs with the firstborn Son,</div>
<div class='line'>Inheriting the universe.</div>
<div class='line'>We're in this corporation vast -</div>
<div class='line'>All partners of Christ and the church.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>8</b> In spirit, in the church, we see</div>
<div class='line'>Our calling of unrivaled worth.</div>
<div class='line'>We're destined, not to go to heaven.</div>
<div class='line'>We're destined to be kings on earth.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>9</b> We're paupers, yet we're glorious kings.</div>
<div class='line'>Inheriting the kingdom vast,</div>
<div class='line'>The earth, God's throne, and e'en all things</div>
<div class='line'>And all the Father is and has.</div>
</div>
<div style='height:40px'></div>
</body></html>
