<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=UTF-8"/>
<title>Hymn 1323</title>
<link href='../stylesheet.css' rel='stylesheet' type='text/css'/>
</head>
<body>
<div style='text-align:center'>
<a href='1322.xhtml' class='hidden_a'><b> &lt; </b></a>
<a href='../nav/nav_0000.xhtml' class='hidden_a'>
E<b>1323</b> C<b>-</b> K<b>-</b> S<b>-</b>
</a>
 <a href='1324.xhtml' class='hidden_a'><b> &gt; </b></a>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>1</b> The voice of my Beloved,</div>
<div class='line'>Behold, He quickly comes;</div>
<div class='line'>He leaps upon the mountains,</div>
<div class='line'>And o'er the hills He runs.</div>
<div class='line'>The signs of His appearing</div>
<div class='line'>Are seen on every side;</div>
<div class='line'>The Bridegroom soon is coming</div>
<div class='line'>To claim His loving Bride.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>2</b> How real that He is coming -</div>
<div class='line'>Come quickly, Lord, again!</div>
<div class='line'>We watch for His appearing,</div>
<div class='line'>His precious Word amen.</div>
<div class='line'>Oh, don't delay His coming,</div>
<div class='line'>Pray without ceasing, pray;</div>
<div class='line'>He's eagerly awaiting</div>
<div class='line'>That coming wedding day.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>3</b> He longs to hear our voices,</div>
<div class='line'>He longs to see our face -</div>
<div class='line'>Our voices filled with sweetness,</div>
<div class='line'>Our countenance with grace.</div>
<div class='line'>"Arise, My love, My fair one,"</div>
<div class='line'>We long to hear Him say.</div>
<div class='line'>The voice of our Beloved -</div>
<div class='line'>"Arise and come away!"</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>4</b> The winter rain is over,</div>
<div class='line'>The flowers appear on earth;</div>
<div class='line'>The rising sun of Jesus</div>
<div class='line'>Fills all our hearts with mirth.</div>
<div class='line'>It is the time of singing,</div>
<div class='line'>The turtle dove is heard;</div>
<div class='line'>For our Beloved's coming</div>
<div class='line'>The sweetest chords are stirred.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>5</b> Oh, let us take the foxes</div>
<div class='line'>That spoil the blooming vine;</div>
<div class='line'>Our vineyards are in blossom,</div>
<div class='line'>And all, Beloved, is Thine.</div>
<div class='line'>The day is quickly dawning,</div>
<div class='line'>The shadows flee away;</div>
<div class='line'>Upon the mount of spices</div>
<div class='line'>Our Lord may come today.</div>
</div>
<div style='height:40px'></div>
</body></html>
