<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=UTF-8"/>
<title>Hymn 1324</title>
<link href='../stylesheet.css' rel='stylesheet' type='text/css'/>
</head>
<body>
<div style='text-align:center'>
<a href='1323.xhtml' class='hidden_a'><b> &lt; </b></a>
<a href='../nav/nav_0000.xhtml' class='hidden_a'>
E<b>1324</b> C<b>-</b> K<b>-</b> S<b>-</b>
</a>
 <a href='1325.xhtml' class='hidden_a'><b> &gt; </b></a>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>1</b> Our God is a God of purpose,</div>
<div class='line'>What He plans, He will fulfill!</div>
<div class='line'>Genesis to Revelation</div>
<div class='line'>Shows His full and glorious will.</div>
<div class='line'>What He's after is a building.</div>
<div class='line'>In creation He began</div>
<div class='line'>With a simple garden planted -</div>
<div class='line'>This, the setting for His plan.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>2</b> Man was made, the first step God took</div>
<div class='line'>To achieve His final goal,</div>
<div class='line'>As a vessel, a container,</div>
<div class='line'>Three parts - body, spirit, soul.</div>
<div class='line'>God, of dust, a body formed him,</div>
<div class='line'>Breath of life into him breathed -</div>
<div class='line'>This part is man's human spirit</div>
<div class='line'>By which God may be received.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>3</b> In the garden God had planted</div>
<div class='line'>Every tree He made to grow,</div>
<div class='line'>Good for food, to sight most pleasing,</div>
<div class='line'>And the tree of life also!</div>
<div class='line'>Second, then, in God's intention</div>
<div class='line'>Was that man should freely eat</div>
<div class='line'>Of the life-tree in the center</div>
<div class='line'>To obtain His life complete.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>4</b> Third, we see a river flowing,</div>
<div class='line'>Out of Eden coming forth,</div>
<div class='line'>With its flow in four directions -</div>
<div class='line'>East and west and south and north.</div>
<div class='line'>As on Christ our life we're feeding,</div>
<div class='line'>Living water in us flows.</div>
<div class='line'>Hallelujah for this river</div>
<div class='line'>And the watering it bestows!</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>5</b> In the flowing of the river</div>
<div class='line'>Gold, pearl, onyx stone we see;</div>
<div class='line'>Three materials, raw yet precious,</div>
<div class='line'>For God's building meant to be.</div>
<div class='line'>Look, these elements are shining!</div>
<div class='line'>How can we, then, shine as they?</div>
<div class='line'>Simply by the Lord, the Spirit,</div>
<div class='line'>Us transforming every day.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>6</b> God the Father (in this fourth step),</div>
<div class='line'>Source of life, is gold divine;</div>
<div class='line'>Christ the Son was wounded by us</div>
<div class='line'>To produce the pearl so fine.</div>
<div class='line'>God the Spirit brings the stones forth -</div>
<div class='line'>Transformation of the clay.</div>
<div class='line'>By the flowing of the Spirit</div>
<div class='line'>Changed we'll be from day to day.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>7</b> Insufficient are materials</div>
<div class='line'>Precious though they be and best;</div>
<div class='line'>These must be built up together</div>
<div class='line'>That God's house they may express.</div>
<div class='line'>Fifth step: We ourselves hand over</div>
<div class='line'>To the building that we be</div>
<div class='line'>Built into God's house, His dwelling,</div>
<div class='line'>One in each locality.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>8</b> Finally, in Revelation,</div>
<div class='line'>Is the picture of Christ's Bride -</div>
<div class='line'>Consummation of God's purpose;</div>
<div class='line'>He is fully satisfied.</div>
<div class='line'>New Jerusalem, a city,</div>
<div class='line'>Is the Bridegroom's counterpart -</div>
<div class='line'>So the church built up together</div>
<div class='line'>Forms the Bride for Christ's own heart.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>9</b> How can we, as those who truly</div>
<div class='line'>Long to see God reach His goal,</div>
<div class='line'>Be united and related?</div>
<div class='line'>By denial of our soul!</div>
<div class='line'>As we contact Christ in spirit,</div>
<div class='line'>Feed on Him as life to us,</div>
<div class='line'>Then His life will flow, transform us</div>
<div class='line'>To His Bride, all glorious!</div>
</div>
<div style='height:40px'></div>
</body></html>
