<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=UTF-8"/>
<title>Hymn 1325</title>
<link href='../stylesheet.css' rel='stylesheet' type='text/css'/>
</head>
<body>
<div style='text-align:center'>
<a href='1324.xhtml' class='hidden_a'><b> &lt; </b></a>
<a href='../nav/nav_0000.xhtml' class='hidden_a'>
E<b>1325</b> C<b>-</b> K<b>-</b> S<b>459</b>
</a>
 <a href='1326.xhtml' class='hidden_a'><b> &gt; </b></a>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>1</b> God eternal has a purpose,</div>
<div class='line'>Formed in His eternal past,</div>
<div class='line'>Spreading to eternal future;</div>
<div class='line'>'Twixt these ends all time is cast.</div>
<div class='line'>For with time there is the process,</div>
<div class='line'>Time for His accomplishment;</div>
<div class='line'>And in time we're merely travelers -</div>
<div class='line'>For eternity we're meant.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>2</b> God would have a group of people</div>
<div class='line'>Built together in His plan,</div>
<div class='line'>Blended, knit, coordinated</div>
<div class='line'>As His vessel - one new man.</div>
<div class='line'>God would come into this vessel</div>
<div class='line'>With His nature, life and ways,</div>
<div class='line'>Mingling Spirit with our spirits</div>
<div class='line'>For His joy and to His praise.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>3</b> God has worked in three directions</div>
<div class='line'>For His plan so marvelous:</div>
<div class='line'>As the Father, Son, and Spirit</div>
<div class='line'>To dispense Himself to us!</div>
<div class='line'>All creation gives the setting -</div>
<div class='line'>Heav'n and earth are for this plan;</div>
<div class='line'>'Tis for this God made a body,</div>
<div class='line'>Soul and spirit - three-part man.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>4</b> As the center, as the kernel,</div>
<div class='line'>Of God's plan our spirit is;</div>
<div class='line'>Calling on the name of Jesus</div>
<div class='line'>Makes our spirit one with His.</div>
<div class='line'>From the center to circumference</div>
<div class='line'>God would saturate each part;</div>
<div class='line'>Feeling, mind, and will renewing,</div>
<div class='line'>Making home in all our heart.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>5</b> Thus in life we're built together,</div>
<div class='line'>Then in love we're knit as one;</div>
<div class='line'>God is now His plan fulfilling,</div>
<div class='line'>Finishing what He's begun.</div>
<div class='line'>Lord, increase Thyself within us</div>
<div class='line'>That we might be built by Thee</div>
<div class='line'>Into that great corporate vessel</div>
<div class='line'>Filled with God exclusively.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>6</b> As the product, the fulfillment,</div>
<div class='line'>Will the church in glory stand,</div>
<div class='line'>Consummation of the purpose</div>
<div class='line'>In eternal ages planned.</div>
<div class='line'>God will have His corporate vessel,</div>
<div class='line'>All his glory to contain;</div>
<div class='line'>Lord, we're wholly for Thy purpose</div>
<div class='line'>All Thy goal in us attain.</div>
</div>
<div style='height:40px'></div>
</body></html>
