<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=UTF-8"/>
<title>Hymn 1327</title>
<link href='../stylesheet.css' rel='stylesheet' type='text/css'/>
</head>
<body>
<div style='text-align:center'>
<a href='1326.xhtml' class='hidden_a'><b> &lt; </b></a>
<a href='../nav/nav_0000.xhtml' class='hidden_a'>
E<b>1327</b> C<b>s825</b> K<b>957</b> S<b>492</b>
</a>
 <a href='1328.xhtml' class='hidden_a'><b> &gt; </b></a>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>1</b> Once I thirsted for a fountain,</div>
<div class='line'>Something deep that would satisfy,</div>
<div class='line'>But the fountain that I'd drink from,</div>
<div class='line'>Left me searching and still so dry.</div>
<div class='line'>Then one day I found Him,</div>
<div class='line'>He satisfied my thirst,</div>
<div class='line'>Became in me a deeper source</div>
<div class='line'>Whence living waters burst.</div>
<div class='line'>Now I drink Him!</div>
<div class='line'>Jesus, Jesus is my life now,</div>
<div class='line'>Jesus, Jesus is my life;</div>
<div class='line'>I'm fully satisfied now,</div>
<div class='line'>Jesus, Jesus is my life.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>2</b> After tasting such a fountain,</div>
<div class='line'>Longed my heart for a place of springs;</div>
<div class='line'>Caught a vision on a mountain,</div>
<div class='line'>In Jerusalem's a gathering.</div>
<div class='line'>Then one day He found me,</div>
<div class='line'>He brought me to the church,</div>
<div class='line'>Pleasures here abound fore'er</div>
<div class='line'>I've given up my search.</div>
<div class='line'>Hallelujah!</div>
<div class='line'>Jesus, Jesus is my life now,</div>
<div class='line'>Jesus, Jesus is my life;</div>
<div class='line'>I'm fully satisfied now,</div>
<div class='line'>Jesus, Jesus is my life.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>3</b> Empty wanderer drop the striving -</div>
<div class='line'>Isn't worth all the troublin';</div>
<div class='line'>Open up your heart believing,</div>
<div class='line'>Call "Lord Jesus" and He'll come in!</div>
<div class='line'>Then today you'll find Him,</div>
<div class='line'>And calling on His name,</div>
<div class='line'>You're joined to Him, you're one with Him -</div>
<div class='line'>You'll never be the same.</div>
<div class='line'>You won't want to!</div>
<div class='line'>Jesus, Jesus is my life now,</div>
<div class='line'>Jesus, Jesus is my life;</div>
<div class='line'>I'm fully satisfied now,</div>
<div class='line'>Jesus, Jesus is my life.</div>
</div>
<div style='height:40px'></div>
</body></html>
