<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=UTF-8"/>
<title>Hymn 1329</title>
<link href='../stylesheet.css' rel='stylesheet' type='text/css'/>
</head>
<body>
<div style='text-align:center'>
<a href='1328.xhtml' class='hidden_a'><b> &lt; </b></a>
<a href='../nav/nav_0000.xhtml' class='hidden_a'>
E<b>1329</b> C<b>-</b> K<b>933</b> S<b>-</b>
</a>
 <a href='1330.xhtml' class='hidden_a'><b> &gt; </b></a>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>1</b> The wedding feast, the peak of man's enjoyment</div>
<div class='line'>Was full of pleasure till the wine ran dry.</div>
<div class='line'>The human life, like wine, is soon exhausted,</div>
<div class='line'>Till Jesus comes, divine life to supply.</div>
</div>
<div class='chorus'>
<div class='line'>When Jesus comes, new wine is made from water,</div>
<div class='line'>When Jesus comes, the darkness turns to light.</div>
<div class='line'>He touches death - it's turned to life eternal,</div>
<div class='line'>Weakness to strength and blindness into sight.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>2</b> One night a moral righteous man, a ruler</div>
<div class='line'>To Jesus came, more teaching to pursue;</div>
<div class='line'>But teachings ne'er could change the fallen nature,</div>
<div class='line'>So Jesus said, "You must be born anew."</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>3</b> "I have no husband," sighed the thirsty sinner.</div>
<div class='line'>Indeed her many husbands left her dry.</div>
<div class='line'>Daily she came to draw the failing water</div>
<div class='line'>Till Jesus came, her thirst to satisfy.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>4</b> A man among the multitude lay helpless,</div>
<div class='line'>So weak while waiting till the water stirred.</div>
<div class='line'>Religion of the law could never heal him;</div>
<div class='line'>Then Jesus came and spoke the living word.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>5</b> Within the tomb, four days and nights he lay there,</div>
<div class='line'>Death's grip had come; they 'round the grave did weep.</div>
<div class='line'>Silent he lay, all bound and wrapped in grave clothes;</div>
<div class='line'>Then Jesus came, and woke him from his sleep.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>6</b> And still today, this Jesus is so living,</div>
<div class='line'>Able to save from death in any form.</div>
<div class='line'>Now open up your heart and call upon Him;</div>
<div class='line'>To you He'll come, in spirit you'll be born.</div>
</div>
<div style='height:40px'></div>
</body></html>
