<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=UTF-8"/>
<title>Hymn 1332</title>
<link href='../stylesheet.css' rel='stylesheet' type='text/css'/>
</head>
<body>
<div style='text-align:center'>
<a href='1331.xhtml' class='hidden_a'><b> &lt; </b></a>
<a href='../nav/nav_0000.xhtml' class='hidden_a'>
E<b>1332</b> C<b>-</b> K<b>-</b> S<b>-</b>
</a>
 <a href='1333.xhtml' class='hidden_a'><b> &gt; </b></a>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>1</b> Do you know that you were chosen</div>
<div class='line'>Long before the world began;</div>
<div class='line'>That by God you were selected</div>
<div class='line'>And appointed for His plan?</div>
<div class='line'>Something in your inmost being</div>
<div class='line'>Tells you this is surely true;</div>
<div class='line'>That's why you are in this meeting,</div>
<div class='line'>And you feel the way you do.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>2</b> All the sins you've e'er committed,</div>
<div class='line'>Everything you've ever done,</div>
<div class='line'>All by God has been forgiven,</div>
<div class='line'>Taken care of by God's Son.</div>
<div class='line'>Struggle not, no; just believe this,</div>
<div class='line'>For His word assures it's true;</div>
<div class='line'>All you need to do is thank Him</div>
<div class='line'>For all that He's done for you.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>3</b> Did you know that all the Bible</div>
<div class='line'>Is a will, a testament?</div>
<div class='line'>Everything that Christ accomplished</div>
<div class='line'>Is for all God's children meant.</div>
<div class='line'>As His child you are included,</div>
<div class='line'>For His word stands fast and true;</div>
<div class='line'>So by faith you now inherit</div>
<div class='line'>All that He has done for you.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>4</b> Did you know God has a family?</div>
<div class='line'>Yes, He does, in fact, it's us.</div>
<div class='line'>That's why we are here enjoying</div>
<div class='line'>All He is, so marvelous.</div>
<div class='line'>He's our God and we're His people,</div>
<div class='line'>Day by day we love Him more;</div>
<div class='line'>We're so happy and so thankful,</div>
<div class='line'>We just praise Him o'er and o'er.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>5</b> All we know is that we love Him,</div>
<div class='line'>We're so glad for what He's done;</div>
<div class='line'>We are brought to Him, and we all</div>
<div class='line'>Know the joy of being one.</div>
<div class='line'>We're so glad that we're included,</div>
<div class='line'>What a fellowship have we!</div>
<div class='line'>So we'd like to welcome you, friend,</div>
<div class='line'>Into God's own family.</div>
</div>
<div style='height:40px'></div>
</body></html>
