<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=UTF-8"/>
<title>Hymn 1500</title>
<link href='../stylesheet.css' rel='stylesheet' type='text/css'/>
</head>
<body>
<div style='text-align:center'>
<a href='1348.xhtml' class='hidden_a'><b> &lt; </b></a>
<a href='../nav/nav_0000.xhtml' class='hidden_a'>
<b>1500</b>
</a>
 <a href='1501.xhtml' class='hidden_a'><b> &gt; </b></a>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>1</b> Zion is God's habitation.</div>
<div class='line'>Sing praises in Zion,</div>
<div class='line'>The city of our King.</div>
<div class='line'>Zion, the place of His choosing</div>
<div class='line'>Where saints are rejoicing.</div>
<div class='line'>Here God is their salvation.</div>
</div>
<div class='chorus'>
<div class='line'>Beautiful Zion, in elevation,</div>
<div class='line'>The joy of our King,</div>
<div class='line'>His satisfaction,</div>
<div class='line'>The joy of the whole earth</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>2</b> Zion: how good and how pleasant,</div>
<div class='line'>The greatest enjoyment!</div>
<div class='line'>It's like the precious ointment.</div>
<div class='line'>Zion, how good and how pleasant,</div>
<div class='line'>In oneness we're dwelling.</div>
<div class='line'>The dew, oh how refreshing!</div>
</div>
<div class='chorus'>
<div class='line'>Beautiful Zion, in elevation</div>
<div class='line'>How good and how pleasant,</div>
<div class='line'>The best enjoyment!</div>
<div class='line'>Our oneness is just Him.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>3</b> Zion: our Oneness a Person,</div>
<div class='line'>As ointment, He's moving,</div>
<div class='line'>As dew He is descending.</div>
<div class='line'>Zion: our God is our dwelling,</div>
<div class='line'>As ointment, He's strengthening,</div>
<div class='line'>As dew, He's so supplying.</div>
</div>
<div class='chorus'>
<div class='line'>Beautiful Zion, in elevation</div>
<div class='line'>How good and how pleasant,</div>
<div class='line'>Man's satisfaction,</div>
<div class='line'>Our dwelling is this One.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>4</b> Zion: in God we're abiding,</div>
<div class='line'>Our oneness and living,</div>
<div class='line'>The processed God, our all.</div>
<div class='line'>Zion, the ultimate blessing,</div>
<div class='line'>Of God with man mingling,</div>
<div class='line'>The Triune God dispensing.</div>
</div>
<div class='chorus'>
<div class='line'>Beautiful churches, the golden lampstands</div>
<div class='line'>God mingling with man</div>
<div class='line'>His satisfaction,</div>
<div class='line'>The ultimate consummation!</div>
</div>
<div style='height:40px'></div>
</body></html>
