<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=UTF-8"/>
<title>Hymn 1600</title>
<link href='../stylesheet.css' rel='stylesheet' type='text/css'/>
</head>
<body>
<div style='text-align:center'>
<a href='1509.xhtml' class='hidden_a'><b> &lt; </b></a>
<a href='../nav/nav_0000.xhtml' class='hidden_a'>
<b>1600</b>
</a>
 <a href='1601.xhtml' class='hidden_a'><b> &gt; </b></a>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>1</b> Christ has come to be life-</div>
<div class='line'>the processed Divine Trinity</div>
<div class='line'>God the Father's the source-</div>
<div class='line'>a Fountain emerging to be</div>
<div class='line'>God the Son as a gushing-up spring</div>
<div class='line'>In the Spirit, a river, for life-imparting.</div>
<div class='line'>Oh! How can this miracle be?</div>
<div class='line'>The Triune God flowing in me?</div>
<div class='line'>Oh!  I've got rivers of life</div>
<div class='line'>flowing out of my innermost being!</div>
<div class='line'>I've got rivers of life</div>
<div class='line'>flowing out of my innermost being!</div>
</div>
<div class='chorus'>
<div class='line'>As this life flows through me,</div>
<div class='line'>I'm supplied abundantly</div>
<div class='line'>His life nullifies sin;</div>
<div class='line'>Pow'r springs now from within</div>
<div class='line'>To be free-overcoming spontaneously!</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>2</b> Yet this life, though it frees,</div>
<div class='line'>is not meant for mere victory</div>
<div class='line'>God is full of intent,</div>
<div class='line'>and never could flow aimlessly.</div>
<div class='line'>So this life has a totality,</div>
<div class='line'>A consummate issue encompassing me,</div>
<div class='line'>Life moves and life grows, life shapes as it flows,</div>
<div class='line'>Now I share in this life's destiny,</div>
<div class='line'>Oh! I've got rivers of life</div>
<div class='line'>flowing out of my innermost being!</div>
<div class='line'>I've got rivers of life</div>
<div class='line'>flowing out of my innermost being!</div>
</div>
<div class='chorus'>
<div class='line'>We'll abide mutually</div>
<div class='line'>God and man revealed to be</div>
<div class='line'>Lamb, Wife, Spirit and Bride!</div>
<div class='line'>Come, drink! And riverside</div>
<div class='line'>Grows the tree, our enjoyment for eternity!</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>3</b> So I've no cause to frown,</div>
<div class='line'>As one who received this zoe.</div>
<div class='line'>I know life runs its course,</div>
<div class='line'>and triumphs inevitably.</div>
<div class='line'>I'm required just to stay in the flow.</div>
<div class='line'>If I do the drinking then God gives the growth!</div>
<div class='line'>So there's joy in my heart, and a spring in my step,</div>
<div class='line'>And a smile on my face as I sing,</div>
<div class='line'>Oh! I've got rivers of life</div>
<div class='line'>flowing out of my innermost being!</div>
<div class='line'>I've got rivers of life</div>
<div class='line'>flowing out of my innermost being!</div>
</div>
<div style='height:40px'></div>
</body></html>
