<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=UTF-8"/>
<title>Hymn 1602</title>
<link href='../stylesheet.css' rel='stylesheet' type='text/css'/>
</head>
<body>
<div style='text-align:center'>
<a href='1601.xhtml' class='hidden_a'><b> &lt; </b></a>
<a href='../nav/nav_0000.xhtml' class='hidden_a'>
<b>1602</b>
</a>
 <a href='1603.xhtml' class='hidden_a'><b> &gt; </b></a>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>1</b> There's a life that's deeper than our mind,</div>
<div class='line'>With experience of man, yet so divine.</div>
<div class='line'>It's a life that knows no bounds;</div>
<div class='line'>And with glory is crowned;</div>
<div class='line'>It's of depth and height and breadth unsearchable.</div>
<div class='line'>Now this life is just the Living One</div>
<div class='line'>Manifested in the Person of the Son.</div>
<div class='line'>As the Spirit, He flows;</div>
<div class='line'>In our spirit He grows,</div>
<div class='line'>Growing up to be the church that He desires.</div>
</div>
<div class='chorus'>
<div class='line'>O Lord, we're just for Your flowing;</div>
<div class='line'>How we need a deeper knowing!</div>
<div class='line'>Life is why we're here</div>
<div class='line'>And why You've come in us.</div>
<div class='line'>Turn us, Lord, turn us now;</div>
<div class='line'>Turn us deeply-Life is how</div>
<div class='line'>You will get the church,</div>
<div class='line'>The home You're longing for.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>2</b> In the church, we all can apprehend</div>
<div class='line'>All the riches of this life that is within.</div>
<div class='line'>Not just shallowness with strife,</div>
<div class='line'>But a deep and peaceful life</div>
<div class='line'>Is just waiting to flow out, a living spring.</div>
<div class='line'>With the saints it's easy to be bold,</div>
<div class='line'>To pursue this life, to gain it, to lay hold.</div>
<div class='line'>All the other things we find,</div>
<div class='line'>Must be quickly left behind,</div>
<div class='line'>So that only life remains for us to see.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>3</b> Deeper, Lord our turn must be to You;</div>
<div class='line'>We would move by life in everything we do;</div>
<div class='line'>All our concepts refute,</div>
<div class='line'>For Your life be absolute-</div>
<div class='line'>Grant us grace to turn much deeper day by day.</div>
<div class='line'>When we touch our spirit-such a thrill!</div>
<div class='line'>This is far beyond emotion, mind, and will-</div>
<div class='line'>It's within our hidden part-</div>
<div class='line'>Come, make home in all our heart;</div>
<div class='line'>Let Your presence flow as rivers deep within.</div>
</div>
<div style='height:40px'></div>
</body></html>
