<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=UTF-8"/>
<title>Hymn 1706</title>
<link href='../stylesheet.css' rel='stylesheet' type='text/css'/>
</head>
<body>
<div style='text-align:center'>
<a href='1705.xhtml' class='hidden_a'><b> &lt; </b></a>
<a href='../nav/nav_0000.xhtml' class='hidden_a'>
<b>1706</b>
</a>
 <a href='1707.xhtml' class='hidden_a'><b> &gt; </b></a>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>1</b> Let me stand behind You, Lord.</div>
<div class='line'>Let me wash Your feet with my tears.</div>
<div class='line'>Let me wipe them with my hair.</div>
<div class='line'>Let me kiss them and anoint them with the ointment.</div>
</div>
<div class='chorus'>
<div class='line'>I love You!</div>
<div class='line'>Jesus, I love You!</div>
<div class='line'>May I waste my all and life on You.</div>
<div class='line'>Let me pour the ointment pure</div>
<div class='line'>On Your head and on Your feet,</div>
<div class='line'>On You, most precious One</div>
<div class='line'>Because I love You.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>2</b> Let me take a pound of ointment pure</div>
<div class='line'>Of great value to anoint Your feet</div>
<div class='line'>And wipe them with my hair</div>
<div class='line'>That the house be filled with the fragrance</div>
<div class='line'>of the ointment.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b></b> (Chorus 1)</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>3</b> Lord, they said if You were a prophet,</div>
<div class='line'>You should know who and what I am.</div>
<div class='line'>I'm a sinner that toucheth You.</div>
<div class='line'>A woman not worthy to anoint You.</div>
</div>
<div class='chorus'>
<div class='line'>But I love You!</div>
<div class='line'>Jesus, I love You!</div>
<div class='line'>You forgave me the most</div>
<div class='line'>now I love You, Lord, the most.</div>
<div class='line'>Let me pour the ointment pure</div>
<div class='line'>On Your head and on Your feet,</div>
<div class='line'>On You, most precious One,</div>
<div class='line'>Because You love me.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>4</b> Let my love from my being wash Your feet</div>
<div class='line'>To my glory without wipe them too</div>
<div class='line'>Let me kiss them where the nails would pierce.</div>
<div class='line'>All my love, Lord, and glory I'll waste on You.</div>
</div>
<div class='chorus'>
<div class='line'>I love You!</div>
<div class='line'>Jesus, I love You!</div>
<div class='line'>All my glory and love I pour</div>
<div class='line'>and waste on You.</div>
<div class='line'>Receive my ointment, Lord.</div>
<div class='line'>It's all I have, dear Lord.</div>
<div class='line'>For You, most precious One,</div>
<div class='line'>Because I love You.</div>
</div>
<div style='height:40px'></div>
</body></html>
