<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=UTF-8"/>
<title>Hymn 1710</title>
<link href='../stylesheet.css' rel='stylesheet' type='text/css'/>
</head>
<body>
<div style='text-align:center'>
<a href='1709.xhtml' class='hidden_a'><b> &lt; </b></a>
<a href='../nav/nav_0000.xhtml' class='hidden_a'>
<b>1710</b>
</a>
 <a href='1711.xhtml' class='hidden_a'><b> &gt; </b></a>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>1</b> I do not know where they have laid Him.</div>
<div class='line'>The stone is taken away from the tomb.</div>
<div class='line'>Oh! They have taken Him away!</div>
<div class='line'>Oh, where is He?</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>2</b> Disciples came and saw the empty tomb,</div>
<div class='line'>But went away so soon to their own homes.</div>
<div class='line'>They're satisfied with just the facts,</div>
<div class='line'>But where's my Lord?</div>
</div>
<div class='chorus'>
<div class='line'>Where is He, my Jesus?</div>
<div class='line'>Where is He, my Beloved?</div>
<div class='line'>Where is He whom my soul doth love?</div>
<div class='line'>Jesus, my love, I just want You.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>3</b> My heart is broken from my deepest need.</div>
<div class='line'>Don't ask me, angels, why I'm weeping.</div>
<div class='line'>Nothing but Jesus fills my inner being.</div>
<div class='line'>Oh, where's my love?</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>4</b> Someone is standing right behind me-</div>
<div class='line'>It's just the gardener; I can barely see.</div>
<div class='line'>Sir, if you carried Him away,</div>
<div class='line'>Oh! Where is He?</div>
</div>
<div class='chorus'>
<div class='line'>Where is He, my Jesus?</div>
<div class='line'>Where is He, my Beloved?</div>
<div class='line'>Tell me where you have laid Him</div>
<div class='line'>And I'll carry Him away; I'll carry Him away.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>5</b> And then I heard a voice say, "Mary,"</div>
<div class='line'>That sweetest voice that penetrated me.</div>
<div class='line'>It is the voice of my Beloved,</div>
<div class='line'>Jesus, my love.</div>
</div>
<div class='chorus'>
<div class='line'>I have found my Jesus!</div>
<div class='line'>I have found my Beloved!</div>
<div class='line'>I have found whom my soul doth love,</div>
<div class='line'>Jesus, my love, I just love You!</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>6</b> But Jesus told me not to touch Him yet;</div>
<div class='line'>He must ascend first to the Father,</div>
<div class='line'>"And to My Father and your Father,</div>
<div class='line'>To My God and your God.</div>
</div>
<div class='chorus'>
<div class='line'>Go and tell My brothers,</div>
<div class='line'>I ascend to the Father,</div>
<div class='line'>To My Father and your Father,</div>
<div class='line'>And My God and your God; go tell My brothers."</div>
</div>
<div style='height:40px'></div>
</body></html>
