<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=UTF-8"/>
<title>Hymn 1722</title>
<link href='../stylesheet.css' rel='stylesheet' type='text/css'/>
</head>
<body>
<div style='text-align:center'>
<a href='1721.xhtml' class='hidden_a'><b> &lt; </b></a>
<a href='../nav/nav_0000.xhtml' class='hidden_a'>
<b>1722</b>
</a>
 <a href='1723.xhtml' class='hidden_a'><b> &gt; </b></a>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>1A</b> Is there someone who's a friend</div>
<div class='line'>That I can open to?</div>
<div class='line'>A someone who understands</div>
<div class='line'>All that I'm going through?</div>
<div class='line'>A someone when there's no one</div>
<div class='line'>I can always come to-</div>
<div class='line'>There is no someone like this One.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>1B</b> There is a someone-</div>
<div class='line'>Someone you can open to.</div>
<div class='line'>There is a someone-</div>
<div class='line'>Someone who will take you through.</div>
<div class='line'>There is a someone-</div>
<div class='line'>When there is no one.</div>
<div class='line'>There is a someone, a wonderful One.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>2A</b> Is there someone who can care</div>
<div class='line'>Through all my hardest times?</div>
<div class='line'>A someone always there</div>
<div class='line'>Though it may rain or shine?</div>
<div class='line'>A someone I can lean on</div>
<div class='line'>When the stormy times come-</div>
<div class='line'>There is no someone like this One.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>2B</b> There is a someone-</div>
<div class='line'>Someone in my hardest times.</div>
<div class='line'>There is a someone-</div>
<div class='line'>Always there though rain or shine.</div>
<div class='line'>There is a someone-</div>
<div class='line'>When there is no one.</div>
<div class='line'>There is a someone, a special One.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>3A</b> Is there someone who will take-</div>
<div class='line'>Take me just as I am?</div>
<div class='line'>A someone who'll not forsake,</div>
<div class='line'>One I can trust to the end?</div>
<div class='line'>A someone who knows me</div>
<div class='line'>Yet he still wants me-</div>
<div class='line'>There is no someone like this One.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>3B</b> There is a someone-</div>
<div class='line'>Who will take you as you are.</div>
<div class='line'>There is a someone-</div>
<div class='line'>He will reach you near or far.</div>
<div class='line'>There is a someone-</div>
<div class='line'>He's the most lovely One.</div>
<div class='line'>Just take this someone, the loveliest One.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>4A</b> Is there someone who can reach</div>
<div class='line'>Down to the depths of my being?</div>
<div class='line'>A someone who can fix</div>
<div class='line'>All of my broken heart strings?</div>
<div class='line'>A someone who can love me</div>
<div class='line'>When there's no love in me-</div>
<div class='line'>There is no someone</div>
<div class='line'>Like this One.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>4B</b> There is a someone-</div>
<div class='line'>Who can touch your inmost being.</div>
<div class='line'>There is a someone-</div>
<div class='line'>He can make your heart to sing.</div>
<div class='line'>There is a someone-</div>
<div class='line'>Love is this precious One.</div>
<div class='line'>Just love this someone,</div>
<div class='line'>The wonderful One.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>5</b> Christ is this someone</div>
<div class='line'>Who can touch your inmost being.</div>
<div class='line'>Christ is this someone-</div>
<div class='line'>He can make your heart to sing.</div>
<div class='line'>Christ is this someone.</div>
<div class='line'>Christ is this precious One.</div>
<div class='line'>Just love this someone, the wonderful One.</div>
</div>
<div style='height:40px'></div>
</body></html>
