<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=UTF-8"/>
<title>Hymn 1723</title>
<link href='../stylesheet.css' rel='stylesheet' type='text/css'/>
</head>
<body>
<div style='text-align:center'>
<a href='1722.xhtml' class='hidden_a'><b> &lt; </b></a>
<a href='../nav/nav_0000.xhtml' class='hidden_a'>
<b>1723</b>
</a>
 <a href='1724.xhtml' class='hidden_a'><b> &gt; </b></a>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>1</b> Lord, You are Beloved, Fairest of the fair;</div>
<div class='line'>Altogether lovely, unrivaled beauty;</div>
<div class='line'>It's You! Your presence, I long for and seek;</div>
<div class='line'>You're the One in whom my heart delights,</div>
<div class='line'>So, I just love to tell You...</div>
</div>
<div class='chorus'>
<div class='line'>Jesus, I love You,</div>
<div class='line'>My treasure, You are;</div>
<div class='line'>How could I choose anything less than You?</div>
<div class='line'>Dear Lord, my inmost heart You've captured and won.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>2</b> Dead I was in sin, Lord, so lost without You;</div>
<div class='line'>Helpless, wounded, weary, rebellious, too;</div>
<div class='line'>But Lord, You came! You would not let me go;</div>
<div class='line'>The blood and water flowed from Your side,</div>
<div class='line'>Constraining me to tell You...</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>3</b> Thank You Lord, You opened my blind eyes to see;</div>
<div class='line'>I was lame, but now I can walk; You healed me!</div>
<div class='line'>My leprosy, Lord, You cleansed all away;</div>
<div class='line'>My ears were opened to hear Your voice,</div>
<div class='line'>And now I follow You 'cause...</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>4</b> Sometimes Lord, I'm drawn off by my selfish cares;</div>
<div class='line'>And the world it draws me with glitter and glare.</div>
<div class='line'>O Lord, You've trapped me. Don't let me go.</div>
<div class='line'>Kiss me and woo me, and win my heart,</div>
<div class='line'>So, I will always tell You...</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>5</b> Keep my heart so soft, Lord, so open to You;</div>
<div class='line'>It would be the good ground to bear fruit for You;</div>
<div class='line'>Capture my friends, Lord, and build us, I pray;</div>
<div class='line'>Your Bride, We'd match You in every way,</div>
<div class='line'>And, corporately we tell You:</div>
</div>
<div class='chorus'>
<div class='line'>Jesus, come quickly,</div>
<div class='line'>We're waiting for You;</div>
<div class='line'>We're the virgins to You,</div>
<div class='line'>So single and true;</div>
<div class='line'>Forever and ever Your counterpart true.</div>
</div>
<div style='height:40px'></div>
</body></html>
