<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=UTF-8"/>
<title>Hymn 1724</title>
<link href='../stylesheet.css' rel='stylesheet' type='text/css'/>
</head>
<body>
<div style='text-align:center'>
<a href='1723.xhtml' class='hidden_a'><b> &lt; </b></a>
<a href='../nav/nav_0000.xhtml' class='hidden_a'>
<b>1724</b>
</a>
 <a href='1725.xhtml' class='hidden_a'><b> &gt; </b></a>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>1</b> Mary poured out her love offering.</div>
<div class='line'>To many such love was a waste.</div>
<div class='line'>Throughout all of the centuries</div>
<div class='line'>Such lovers Your sweetness do taste.</div>
<div class='line'>Precious lives and heart treasures too,</div>
<div class='line'>Positions and golden futures</div>
<div class='line'>Have been "wasted" on You Lord,</div>
<div class='line'>Your sweetness-a fragrance so sure.</div>
</div>
<div class='chorus'>
<div class='line'>She took opportunity</div>
<div class='line'>To love You; Lord, with her best.</div>
<div class='line'>Like her, Lord, I too would pour</div>
<div class='line'>My love and all that I have.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>2</b> As I love You I set my being,</div>
<div class='line'>My spirit, my soul and body,</div>
<div class='line'>With my heart, my mind and my strength</div>
<div class='line'>Absolutely on Thee.</div>
<div class='line'>Lord, I let my entire being</div>
<div class='line'>Be occupied by Thee.</div>
<div class='line'>As I enter in Your heart,</div>
<div class='line'>I sense the fellowship sweet.</div>
</div>
<div class='chorus'>
<div class='line'>Occupied and lost in You,</div>
<div class='line'>My Lord, You're my everything.</div>
<div class='line'>Fellowship so intimate;</div>
<div class='line'>In spirit, Lord, I enjoy Thee.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>3</b> Lord there's none in heav'n nor on earth</div>
<div class='line'>That I desire but Thee.</div>
<div class='line'>Though my heart and flesh faileth Lord,</div>
<div class='line'>Thou ever my portion will be.</div>
<div class='line'>All is vanity, all is dung,</div>
<div class='line'>I count all other things loss.</div>
<div class='line'>Every thing else drains my love,</div>
<div class='line'>But You have captured my heart.</div>
</div>
<div class='chorus'>
<div class='line'>Lord, I've seen Thy preciousness,</div>
<div class='line'>Thy worth, Thy reality.</div>
<div class='line'>Now, my Lord, I must confess,</div>
<div class='line'>My heart is only for Thee.</div>
</div>
<div style='height:40px'></div>
</body></html>
