<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=UTF-8"/>
<title>Hymn 1800</title>
<link href='../stylesheet.css' rel='stylesheet' type='text/css'/>
</head>
<body>
<div style='text-align:center'>
<a href='1753.xhtml' class='hidden_a'><b> &lt; </b></a>
<a href='../nav/nav_0000.xhtml' class='hidden_a'>
<b>1800</b>
</a>
 <a href='1801.xhtml' class='hidden_a'><b> &gt; </b></a>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>1</b> In this godless age,</div>
<div class='line'>Lord, You need some Samuels</div>
<div class='line'>Burdened with a vision clear of Your economy.</div>
<div class='line'>Where's Your ark today?</div>
<div class='line'>And the ones who'd care for You,</div>
<div class='line'>E'en to put themselves aside to gain Your heart's desire?</div>
</div>
<div class='chorus'>
<div class='line'>Raise up some to meet Your need, some Nazarites,</div>
<div class='line'>Prophets, priests, and judges, and men of prayer,</div>
<div class='line'>Speaking forth Your word, with Your authority,</div>
<div class='line'>A photo of Your heart for Your move.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>2</b> Train us up today,</div>
<div class='line'>Full of vision, seeking You,</div>
<div class='line'>We'd await Your timing, fully subject to Your will,</div>
<div class='line'>Treasuring Your face,</div>
<div class='line'>Staying in Your presence, Lord;</div>
<div class='line'>E'en the very index of Your eyes would we obey.</div>
</div>
<div class='chorus'>
<div class='line'>Raise up some to meet Your need, some Nazarites,</div>
<div class='line'>To bring in Your kingdom on earth today,</div>
<div class='line'>Taking You as King that You may return</div>
<div class='line'>To usher in the end of the age.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>3</b> When God wants to move,</div>
<div class='line'>He must gain an instrument;</div>
<div class='line'>Overcomers separated from the current age.</div>
<div class='line'>They have joined themselves</div>
<div class='line'>Through His word to His desire.</div>
<div class='line'>Overcomers constituted with the holy word.</div>
</div>
<div class='chorus'>
<div class='line'>Raise up some to meet Your need, some Nazarites,</div>
<div class='line'>Voluntary consecreated ones,</div>
<div class='line'>Who through Your word are joined to Your desire;</div>
<div class='line'>Your living testimony on the earth.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>4</b> God needs men who pray;</div>
<div class='line'>Those who lay the tracks for Him;</div>
<div class='line'>God's economy is carried out through men of prayer.</div>
<div class='line'>They love not themselves;</div>
<div class='line'>But a willing sacrifice.</div>
<div class='line'>What they fear-offending God, losing His presence dear.</div>
</div>
<div class='chorus'>
<div class='line'>Make us those who meet Your need, the Nazarites.</div>
<div class='line'>Make us those through who You'd close this age;</div>
<div class='line'>Who are one with You to bring the kingdom in,</div>
<div class='line'>Young people absolute for Your move.</div>
</div>
<div style='height:40px'></div>
</body></html>
