<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=UTF-8"/>
<title>Hymn 1802</title>
<link href='../stylesheet.css' rel='stylesheet' type='text/css'/>
</head>
<body>
<div style='text-align:center'>
<a href='1801.xhtml' class='hidden_a'><b> &lt; </b></a>
<a href='../nav/nav_0000.xhtml' class='hidden_a'>
<b>1802</b>
</a>
 <a href='1803.xhtml' class='hidden_a'><b> &gt; </b></a>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>1</b> Oh, my Lord, I give myself to You-</div>
<div class='line'>There's nothing else to do,</div>
<div class='line'>My world is over now!</div>
<div class='line'>All the world lies in the evil one,</div>
<div class='line'>But I'm the Father's son;</div>
<div class='line'>His love has met my need.</div>
</div>
<div class='chorus'>
<div class='line'>Lord, I give myself to You completely;</div>
<div class='line'>Lord, I need to sense the flow of life.</div>
<div class='line'>Jesus, Jesus, Jesus, Jesus, Jesus,</div>
<div class='line'>I love You, I really do!</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>2</b> Lord, I long to have You flow in me.</div>
<div class='line'>My heart could never be</div>
<div class='line'>Content with less than You.</div>
<div class='line'>Deep within, my heart cries out to You,</div>
<div class='line'>Hungry and thirsty too</div>
<div class='line'>For that sweet flow of life.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>3</b> Shining One, in me direct Thy rays,</div>
<div class='line'>Shine through all false displays;</div>
<div class='line'>Let me not be deceived.</div>
<div class='line'>Lord, I know, I need Thy light to shine,</div>
<div class='line'>How else can I be Thine?</div>
<div class='line'>You must enlighten me.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>4</b> Cleanse me now; don't let one sin remain.</div>
<div class='line'>I cannot be the same;</div>
<div class='line'>Your life is all I need.</div>
<div class='line'>Oh forgive my failure and my sin.</div>
<div class='line'>Make me so clean within</div>
<div class='line'>So You can flow in me.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>5</b> Oh, the joy! To have that life and peace!</div>
<div class='line'>Darkness and death have ceased</div>
<div class='line'>In Thy sweet presence, Lord.</div>
<div class='line'>Oh, the joy from fellowship so real!</div>
<div class='line'>Even the heav'ns, I feel,</div>
<div class='line'>Cannot compare with this.</div>
</div>
<div class='chorus'>
<div class='line'>Lord, I give myself to You completely;</div>
<div class='line'>How I praise You for the flow of life!</div>
<div class='line'>Jesus, Jesus, Jesus, Jesus, Jesus,</div>
<div class='line'>I love You, I really do!</div>
</div>
<div style='height:40px'></div>
</body></html>
