<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=UTF-8"/>
<title>Hymn 1803</title>
<link href='../stylesheet.css' rel='stylesheet' type='text/css'/>
</head>
<body>
<div style='text-align:center'>
<a href='1802.xhtml' class='hidden_a'><b> &lt; </b></a>
<a href='../nav/nav_0000.xhtml' class='hidden_a'>
<b>1803</b>
</a>
 <a href='1804.xhtml' class='hidden_a'><b> &gt; </b></a>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>1</b> Let me love and not be respected;</div>
<div class='line'>Let me serve and not be rewarded;</div>
<div class='line'>Let me labor and not be remembered;</div>
<div class='line'>Let me suffer and not be regarded.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>2</b> 'Tis the pouring, not the drinking;</div>
<div class='line'>'Tis the breaking, not the keeping-</div>
<div class='line'>A life suff'ring to seek other's blessing,</div>
<div class='line'>A life loving and true comfort giving.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>3</b> Not expecting pity and concern,</div>
<div class='line'>Not accepting solace and applause;</div>
<div class='line'>Even lonely, even forgotten,</div>
<div class='line'>Even wordless, even forsaken.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>4</b> Tears and blood my price</div>
<div class='line'>For the righteous crown shall be;</div>
<div class='line'>Losing all, my cost for a faithful pilgrim's life.</div>
<div class='line'>'Twas the life, O Lord, that You chose to live</div>
<div class='line'>In those days when on earth You walked.</div>
<div class='line'>Gladly suff'ring all injuries and loss</div>
<div class='line'>So that all might draw near and repose.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>5</b> I cannot see how much farther I shall go;</div>
<div class='line'>Still I press on, knowing there is no return.</div>
<div class='line'>Let me follow Your pattern so perfect and true,</div>
<div class='line'>Bearing ingratitudes without complaint.</div>
<div class='line'>In this time of trial, O my Lord, I pray</div>
<div class='line'>That You'd wipe all my hidden tears away;</div>
<div class='line'>Let me learn, O Lord, You are my reward,</div>
<div class='line'>Let me be other's blessing all my days.</div>
</div>
<div style='height:40px'></div>
</body></html>
