<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=UTF-8"/>
<title>Hymn 1904</title>
<link href='../stylesheet.css' rel='stylesheet' type='text/css'/>
</head>
<body>
<div style='text-align:center'>
<a href='1903.xhtml' class='hidden_a'><b> &lt; </b></a>
<a href='../nav/nav_0000.xhtml' class='hidden_a'>
<b>1904</b>
</a>
 <a href='1905.xhtml' class='hidden_a'><b> &gt; </b></a>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>1</b> God's economy</div>
<div class='line'>And His eternal plan,</div>
<div class='line'>His heart's desire and intention</div>
<div class='line'>Is to be one with man.</div>
<div class='line'>Yet man has failed completely</div>
<div class='line'>Throughout all history.</div>
<div class='line'>But hallelujah!  Praise the Lord!</div>
<div class='line'>God's life is now in me.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>2</b> Now this life in me is flowing</div>
<div class='line'>As the river of water of life,</div>
<div class='line'>Washing away all my sins,</div>
<div class='line'>My cares, and all my strife.</div>
<div class='line'>This life is overcoming</div>
<div class='line'>Situations in my day.</div>
<div class='line'>Hallelujah!  Praise the Lord!</div>
<div class='line'>For this is what I pray:</div>
</div>
<div class='chorus'>
<div class='line'>Lord Jesus, I love You!</div>
<div class='line'>I give You the preeminence in what I do.</div>
<div class='line'>Enjoying You is the overcoming way.</div>
<div class='line'>Thank You for Your recovery;</div>
<div class='line'>Your Word we will obey.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>3</b> Thank You for our situations</div>
<div class='line'>And the environments we are in.</div>
<div class='line'>That we'd turn to You in all things,</div>
<div class='line'>And turn away from sin.</div>
<div class='line'>We'd drop all our anxieties</div>
<div class='line'>And put our trust in You.</div>
<div class='line'>And experience this living One</div>
<div class='line'>Whose life is ever new.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>4</b> Now the church life is so precious</div>
<div class='line'>With all the saints so dear.</div>
<div class='line'>Enjoying all Your riches,</div>
<div class='line'>Our vision is so clear,</div>
<div class='line'>That all would prophesy</div>
<div class='line'>Of Christ from what they've seen,</div>
<div class='line'>According to Your scripture</div>
<div class='line'>In First Corinthians fourteen.</div>
</div>
<div style='height:40px'></div>
</body></html>
