<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=UTF-8"/>
<title>Hymn 1905</title>
<link href='../stylesheet.css' rel='stylesheet' type='text/css'/>
</head>
<body>
<div style='text-align:center'>
<a href='1904.xhtml' class='hidden_a'><b> &lt; </b></a>
<a href='../nav/nav_0000.xhtml' class='hidden_a'>
<b>1905</b>
</a>
 <a href='1906.xhtml' class='hidden_a'><b> &gt; </b></a>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>1</b> Lord, how long, dear Bridegroom,</div>
<div class='line'>'Til You come, Lord, how soon?</div>
<div class='line'>Don't delay for that coming day, coming day.</div>
<div class='line'>Grant me, Lord, to be filled</div>
<div class='line'>With You, Lord, ev'ry day.</div>
<div class='line'>Dearest Lord, take me all the way.</div>
</div>
<div class='chorus'>
<div class='line'>Come, Lord Jesus.</div>
<div class='line'>Please come, dear Bridegroom.</div>
<div class='line'>Precious One, come soon, come soon.</div>
<div class='line'>Lord, consume me!</div>
<div class='line'>Oh Lord, don't let me stray,</div>
<div class='line'>Faithful to You all the way.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>2</b> Lord, make home in all my heart,</div>
<div class='line'>In my secret, deepest parts,</div>
<div class='line'>Hidden, Lord, and reserved for You, for You.</div>
<div class='line'>You would be preeminent</div>
<div class='line'>In all things and all events,</div>
<div class='line'>Possessed by Thee to this extent.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>3</b> In my prayer and deepest plea,</div>
<div class='line'>In my spirit always be,</div>
<div class='line'>Saturated and soaked with Thee, with Thee.</div>
<div class='line'>This would be my life daily,</div>
<div class='line'>Every hour expecting Thee,</div>
<div class='line'>This I pray, Lord, desperately.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>4</b> The universe, in it we see,</div>
<div class='line'>In the sweetest touch of Thee,</div>
<div class='line'>You're my choice and my destiny, destiny.</div>
<div class='line'>Lord, whate'er the price may be,</div>
<div class='line'>Lord, Amen, let it be,</div>
<div class='line'>Oh, my love, please come back quickly!</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>5</b> In Your love I am constrained.</div>
<div class='line'>What's within, I can't contain.</div>
<div class='line'>Lord I can't anymore restrain, restrain.</div>
<div class='line'>In Your love, I'll pour on Thee,</div>
<div class='line'>And the church, Your Bride to be.</div>
<div class='line'>This my choice voluntarily.</div>
</div>
<div style='height:40px'></div>
</body></html>
