<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=UTF-8"/>
<title>Hymn 2102</title>
<link href='../stylesheet.css' rel='stylesheet' type='text/css'/>
</head>
<body>
<div style='text-align:center'>
<a href='2101.xhtml' class='hidden_a'><b> &lt; </b></a>
<a href='../nav/nav_0000.xhtml' class='hidden_a'>
<b>2102</b>
</a>
 <a href='2103.xhtml' class='hidden_a'><b> &gt; </b></a>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>1</b> Life is God the Father</div>
<div class='line'>In Christ Jesus as the Spirit</div>
<div class='line'>Flowing out and coming into us.</div>
<div class='line'>He's not just a teaching,</div>
<div class='line'>Or a creed or a dead doctrine,</div>
<div class='line'>But the processed Triune God, glorious!</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>2</b> Life is not created</div>
<div class='line'>As man's body, soul, and spirit-</div>
<div class='line'>That's man's life that's weak and temporal.</div>
<div class='line'>Life is uncreated.</div>
<div class='line'>It's divine and it's eternal.</div>
<div class='line'>And this is the life that's indestructible.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>3</b> And this life came in us</div>
<div class='line'>In our spirit through the Spirit;</div>
<div class='line'>This is where we were made alive!</div>
<div class='line'>Now this life is spreading,</div>
<div class='line'>Lord, don't stop-just keep invading.</div>
<div class='line'>For this, Lord, we must be daily revived.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>4</b> Life needs our maintaining,</div>
<div class='line'>Otherwise we're suffocating.</div>
<div class='line'>Calling on His name we breathe Him in.</div>
<div class='line'>Everywhere we breathe Him,</div>
<div class='line'>Makes us fresh and makes us living.</div>
<div class='line'>O, this life is full of hope and meaning.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>5</b> In our daily living</div>
<div class='line'>It's this life that we are sensing.</div>
<div class='line'>Are we in the flesh or in the Lord?</div>
<div class='line'>If you're dead and empty</div>
<div class='line'>And the troubles you have plenty.</div>
<div class='line'>Saints, get out of there and flee back to the Lord!</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>6</b> Then you'll sense life flowing.</div>
<div class='line'>It's this life that's overcoming</div>
<div class='line'>Satan, flesh, and the world, and sin.</div>
<div class='line'>What a life we're having.</div>
<div class='line'>Lord, Your virtues manifesting.</div>
<div class='line'>Thus, we're branches bearing fruit in John 15.</div>
</div>
<div style='height:40px'></div>
</body></html>
