<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=UTF-8"/>
<title>Hymn 2300</title>
<link href='../stylesheet.css' rel='stylesheet' type='text/css'/>
</head>
<body>
<div style='text-align:center'>
<a href='2209.xhtml' class='hidden_a'><b> &lt; </b></a>
<a href='../nav/nav_0000.xhtml' class='hidden_a'>
<b>2300</b>
</a>
 <a href='2301.xhtml' class='hidden_a'><b> &gt; </b></a>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>1</b> The Son with the Father by the Spirit-</div>
<div class='line'>O what a mystery!</div>
<div class='line'>The fullness of all the Godhead dwells</div>
<div class='line'>In Him bodily.</div>
</div>
<div class='chorus'>
<div class='line'>Wonderful One, Son with the Father,</div>
<div class='line'>Wonderful One, Son by the Spirit,</div>
<div class='line'>Wonderful Jesus Christ,</div>
<div class='line'>Wonderful Triune, Wonderful Triune God!</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>2</b> The Son with the Father by the Spirit,</div>
<div class='line'>Conceived in a virgin's womb</div>
<div class='line'>The issue: a God-man, a wonderful Person,</div>
<div class='line'>Jesus, divine and human.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b></b> (Repeat the first chorus)</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>3</b> This man in perfection chose God as His living;</div>
<div class='line'>He lived the life of God.</div>
<div class='line'>The sin, world, and Satan could not penetrate Him</div>
<div class='line'>Jesus had sinless blood.</div>
</div>
<div class='chorus'>
<div class='line'>Humanity, His blood has cleansed me.</div>
<div class='line'>Divinity, my guarantee.</div>
<div class='line'>His sinless blood cleansed me.</div>
<div class='line'>God's now my guaran-, God's now my guarantee.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>4</b> His flesh without sin joined man's flesh full of sin</div>
<div class='line'>And this trapped Satan.</div>
<div class='line'>Man's flesh, sin and Satan were hanging upon Him</div>
<div class='line'>O what a termination!</div>
</div>
<div class='chorus'>
<div class='line'>Terminating, the old creation,</div>
<div class='line'>Nullifying, flesh, sin and Satan.</div>
<div class='line'>O what a promised seed!</div>
<div class='line'>He crushed the Devil's,</div>
<div class='line'>He crushed the Devil's head.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>5</b> And in resurrection, this wonderful Person-</div>
<div class='line'>The Spirit He became.</div>
<div class='line'>The Spirit right now is the Son with the Father</div>
<div class='line'>To be the consummation.</div>
</div>
<div class='chorus'>
<div class='line'>Wonderful One, life-giving Spirit!</div>
<div class='line'>Son has become, the consummation.</div>
<div class='line'>Son with the Father, He</div>
<div class='line'>As Spirit dwells in, as Spirit dwells in me.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>6</b> And in His ascension, this wonderful Person,</div>
<div class='line'>This man is on God's throne.</div>
<div class='line'>The highest position, to Him it was given,</div>
<div class='line'>He's ruling and reigning.</div>
</div>
<div class='chorus'>
<div class='line'>As Lord of lords, and King of kings,</div>
<div class='line'>The highest name, to Jesus given.</div>
<div class='line'>This man is on God's throne.</div>
<div class='line'>Most wonderful, most wonderful Person!</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>7</b> And in His enthronement as Head over all things</div>
<div class='line'>The processed God is He,</div>
<div class='line'>Dispensing Himself as the life-giving Spirit,</div>
<div class='line'>Producing His Body.</div>
</div>
<div class='chorus'>
<div class='line'>The Triune God, is not for doctrine;</div>
<div class='line'>The Trinity, is for dispensing.</div>
<div class='line'>He's now dispensing!</div>
<div class='line'>And we're enjoying, and we're enjoying,</div>
<div class='line'>And we're enjoying Him.</div>
</div>
<div style='height:40px'></div>
</body></html>
