<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=UTF-8"/>
<title>Hymn 2302</title>
<link href='../stylesheet.css' rel='stylesheet' type='text/css'/>
</head>
<body>
<div style='text-align:center'>
<a href='2301.xhtml' class='hidden_a'><b> &lt; </b></a>
<a href='../nav/nav_0000.xhtml' class='hidden_a'>
<b>2302</b>
</a>
 <a href='2303.xhtml' class='hidden_a'><b> &gt; </b></a>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>1</b> The Triune God: a mystery-</div>
<div class='line'>God is one and He's three.</div>
<div class='line'>Oh, Triune God, You're wonderful!</div>
<div class='line'>You're wonder-wonderful!</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>2</b> The Triune God: a mystery-</div>
<div class='line'>God is one and He's three.</div>
<div class='line'>Oh, Triune God, You're marvelous!</div>
<div class='line'>You're marvel-marvelous!</div>
</div>
<div class='chorus'>
<div class='line'>Brothers: A child is born to us,</div>
<div class='line'>Sisters: The mighty God is He,</div>
<div class='line'>Brothers: A son is given to us,</div>
<div class='line'>Sisters: Eternal Father, He,</div>
<div class='line'>Brother: The child the mighty God,</div>
<div class='line'>Sisters: His name is wonderful,</div>
<div class='line'>Brothers: The Son and Father one.</div>
<div class='line'>All: A wonderful Person.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>3</b> The Lord is now the Spirit,</div>
<div class='line'>A wondrous mystery!</div>
<div class='line'>Christ, the life-giving Spirit,</div>
<div class='line'>Has entered into me!</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>4</b> The Lord is now the Spirit,</div>
<div class='line'>Oh this is glorious!</div>
<div class='line'>Christ, the life-giving Spirit,</div>
<div class='line'>Has entered into us!</div>
</div>
<div class='chorus'>
<div class='line'>Brothers: The last Adam became</div>
<div class='line'>Sisters: The life-giving Spirit!</div>
<div class='line'>Brothers: The Lord is the Spirit,</div>
<div class='line'>Sisters: The all-inclusive Christ.</div>
<div class='line'>Brothers: The last Adam became</div>
<div class='line'>Sisters: The life-giving Spirit!</div>
<div class='line'>Brothers: Christ is the Lord Spirit.</div>
<div class='line'>All: He's now indwelling us!</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>5</b> Our Father God, the source;</div>
<div class='line'>God, the Son, has reached me.</div>
<div class='line'>God as the Spirit's flowing free.</div>
<div class='line'>He flowed God into me!</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>6</b> Our Father God, the source;</div>
<div class='line'>God, the Son, is the course.</div>
<div class='line'>God as the Spirit enters me.</div>
<div class='line'>'Tis the greatest mystery!</div>
</div>
<div class='chorus'>
<div class='line'>Brothers: The Triune God in me:</div>
<div class='line'>Sisters: The greatest mystery!</div>
<div class='line'>Brothers: Oh this is glorious!</div>
<div class='line'>Sisters: The Triune God in us!</div>
<div class='line'>Brothers: The Triune God in me:</div>
<div class='line'>Sisters: The greatest mystery!</div>
<div class='line'>Brothers: Oh this is marvelous!</div>
<div class='line'>All: The Triune God in us!</div>
</div>
<div style='height:40px'></div>
</body></html>
