<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=UTF-8"/>
<title>Hymn 2310</title>
<link href='../stylesheet.css' rel='stylesheet' type='text/css'/>
</head>
<body>
<div style='text-align:center'>
<a href='2309.xhtml' class='hidden_a'><b> &lt; </b></a>
<a href='../nav/nav_0000.xhtml' class='hidden_a'>
<b>2310</b>
</a>
 <a href='2311.xhtml' class='hidden_a'><b> &gt; </b></a>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>1</b> There are three kinds of life in our existence today:</div>
<div class='line'>There is Bios, the physical, and soul-life, Psuche;</div>
<div class='line'>Now the third life is God's life and its called Zoe;</div>
<div class='line'>And we all have to choose what life we'll live by today.</div>
</div>
<div class='chorus'>
<div class='line'>Oh, it's God in Christ Jesus, through the Spirit today,</div>
<div class='line'>Who is flowing within us, flowing through us this way.</div>
<div class='line'>We don't care for the Bios; we don't want Psuche;</div>
<div class='line'>All we want is God's Zoe life to fill us today.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>2</b> We don't care for the Bios, we don't care for the soul.</div>
<div class='line'>We don't care for the cares of life,</div>
<div class='line'>world's pleasure and show.</div>
<div class='line'>We don't care for the pride of life, the flesh and sin-</div>
<div class='line'>We say, "No!" to the soul life,</div>
<div class='line'>we'll take God's life within.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>3</b> Do you know what God's life is? Well, just listen to this:</div>
<div class='line'>It is God in Christ Jesus through the Spirit-no less!</div>
<div class='line'>He is flowing within us, He is flowing through-</div>
<div class='line'>Hallelujah! He's moving to make everything new.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>4</b> We have this Life within us, in our spirit today;</div>
<div class='line'>To our spirit we turn, O Lord, and take you this way.</div>
<div class='line'>We can overcome Bios and the Psuche too;</div>
<div class='line'>Hallelujah, the Spirit of the Lord takes us through.</div>
</div>
<div style='height:40px'></div>
</body></html>
