<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=UTF-8"/>
<title>Hymn 2404</title>
<link href='../stylesheet.css' rel='stylesheet' type='text/css'/>
</head>
<body>
<div style='text-align:center'>
<a href='2403.xhtml' class='hidden_a'><b> &lt; </b></a>
<a href='../nav/nav_0000.xhtml' class='hidden_a'>
<b>2404</b>
</a>
 <a href='2405.xhtml' class='hidden_a'><b> &gt; </b></a>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>1</b> God has called us for His purpose,</div>
<div class='line'>His economy so glorious,</div>
<div class='line'>For which He was fully processed;</div>
<div class='line'>Consummated now is He.</div>
<div class='line'>As the Spirit He indwells us</div>
<div class='line'>As our God-allotted portion.</div>
<div class='line'>Working out His full salvation,</div>
<div class='line'>Making us the same as He is.</div>
</div>
<div class='chorus'>
<div class='line'>Oh, may a clear controlling vision of</div>
<div class='line'>The Lord's economy direct my heart</div>
<div class='line'>And burn in me until my spirit's wholly set afire.</div>
<div class='line'>With spirit strong and active we'll press on</div>
<div class='line'>To consummate God's goal-</div>
<div class='line'>New Jerusalem!  Hallelujah!</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>2</b> Jesus lived the God-man pattern,</div>
<div class='line'>Set the way for us to follow.</div>
<div class='line'>He denied His natural man and</div>
<div class='line'>Was obedient unto death.</div>
<div class='line'>Once He was the only God-man;</div>
<div class='line'>Now we are His duplication.</div>
<div class='line'>As the many grains we're blended</div>
<div class='line'>As His corporate reproduction.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>3</b> Living out His resurrection</div>
<div class='line'>Dying to the flesh and soul-life,</div>
<div class='line'>Living by the mingled spirit,</div>
<div class='line'>Natural man we will deny.</div>
<div class='line'>Now we're living in the Body,</div>
<div class='line'>Every day we're overcoming,</div>
<div class='line'>Striving for the peak of Zion,</div>
<div class='line'>Watching for our Lord's appearing.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>4</b> God and men will have one living</div>
<div class='line'>Always in the mingled spirit;</div>
<div class='line'>We two are incorporated-</div>
<div class='line'>One organic entity!</div>
<div class='line'>This, the vision of the ages,</div>
<div class='line'>Will control our daily living,</div>
<div class='line'>That the Lord may have His body,</div>
<div class='line'>Shining as the holy city.</div>
</div>
<div style='height:40px'></div>
</body></html>
