<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=UTF-8"/>
<title>Hymn 2406</title>
<link href='../stylesheet.css' rel='stylesheet' type='text/css'/>
</head>
<body>
<div style='text-align:center'>
<a href='2405.xhtml' class='hidden_a'><b> &lt; </b></a>
<a href='../nav/nav_0000.xhtml' class='hidden_a'>
<b>2406</b>
</a>
 <a href='2407.xhtml' class='hidden_a'><b> &gt; </b></a>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>1</b> The Bible is a romance</div>
<div class='line'>In the most holy sense:</div>
<div class='line'>God and His chosen people</div>
<div class='line'>In love it so presents.</div>
<div class='line'>This Universal Couple</div>
<div class='line'>Throughout it is displayed;</div>
<div class='line'>God in Christ is the Bridegroom,</div>
<div class='line'>His saints, the Bride, portrayed.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>2</b> Through shadows, types, and figures,</div>
<div class='line'>God's deepest thought is known;</div>
<div class='line'>As typified by Adam,</div>
<div class='line'>The Husband, Christ, is shown.</div>
<div class='line'>A rib brought forth from Adam</div>
<div class='line'>Reveals the source of life</div>
<div class='line'>By which God built a woman:</div>
<div class='line'>Eve, as the church, His wife.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>3</b> To be His people's Husband,</div>
<div class='line'>To take them as His wife:</div>
<div class='line'>This is what God desires</div>
<div class='line'>To live in marriage life.</div>
<div class='line'>Their sacrifice and worship</div>
<div class='line'>Alone could not content;</div>
<div class='line'>But with them to be married</div>
<div class='line'>Was God's foremost intent.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>4</b> This romance is the finest</div>
<div class='line'>As seen in the Song of Songs;</div>
<div class='line'>For her beloved's kisses</div>
<div class='line'>His seeking lover longs.</div>
<div class='line'>Love's work in her produces</div>
<div class='line'>No person of her own,</div>
<div class='line'>But she becomes the City,</div>
<div class='line'>Her Person, Christ alone.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>5</b> Christ is our coming Bridegroom;</div>
<div class='line'>We are the Church His Bride,</div>
<div class='line'>Redeemed, regenerated,</div>
<div class='line'>The issue of His side,</div>
<div class='line'>In source, in life, in nature</div>
<div class='line'>And person fully one,</div>
<div class='line'>His counterpart forever,</div>
<div class='line'>The New Jerusalem.</div>
</div>
<div style='height:40px'></div>
</body></html>
