<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=UTF-8"/>
<title>Hymn 2700</title>
<link href='../stylesheet.css' rel='stylesheet' type='text/css'/>
</head>
<body>
<div style='text-align:center'>
<a href='2608.xhtml' class='hidden_a'><b> &lt; </b></a>
<a href='../nav/nav_0000.xhtml' class='hidden_a'>
<b>2700</b>
</a>
 <a href='2701.xhtml' class='hidden_a'><b> &gt; </b></a>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>1</b> Where's the answer?</div>
<div class='line'>There must be more for me.</div>
<div class='line'>Is this all to life-an empty vanity?</div>
<div class='line'>Day by day and year by year go by.</div>
<div class='line'>Am I just a man, a man just born to die?</div>
</div>
<div class='chorus'>
<div class='line'>Where's the answer? Oh I'm so empty</div>
<div class='line'>And plagued by this vanity.</div>
<div class='line'>Deep inside me, my conscience tells me:</div>
<div class='line'>I need another destiny.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>2</b> I convince my friends</div>
<div class='line'>that everything's alright,</div>
<div class='line'>That my life and future</div>
<div class='line'>and everything's so bright.</div>
<div class='line'>But a sense inside me,</div>
<div class='line'>my friends, I can't deny,</div>
<div class='line'>Warning deep inside me</div>
<div class='line'>that I was living a lie.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>3</b> The world and its glitter left me anxious,</div>
<div class='line'>dark and bitter,</div>
<div class='line'>Always yearning, my friends</div>
<div class='line'>is there something better?</div>
<div class='line'>And religion, my friends,</div>
<div class='line'>is just a Sunday game-</div>
<div class='line'>Dead teachings and doctrines</div>
<div class='line'>will leave you just the same.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>4</b> Oh God, where are You?</div>
<div class='line'>I need You desperately!</div>
<div class='line'>Oh God, who are You?</div>
<div class='line'>Why don't You answer me?</div>
<div class='line'>The heavens declare You and the earth</div>
<div class='line'>shows Your beauty.</div>
<div class='line'>But I'm a man. Oh God, I'm so empty!</div>
</div>
<div class='chorus'>
<div class='line'>Lord, have mercy! I'm crying for You!</div>
<div class='line'>Please hear!  Are You really true?</div>
<div class='line'>I'm dark and lonely. You're far,</div>
<div class='line'>far from me.</div>
<div class='line'>Oh Lord, I need You desperately!</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>5</b> One day a friend told me</div>
<div class='line'>that Jesus is the Lord.</div>
<div class='line'>To my great surprise,</div>
<div class='line'>it's written in the Word.</div>
<div class='line'>They asked me to believe You.</div>
<div class='line'>Your name I once blasphemed.</div>
<div class='line'>Dear Lord, You saved me</div>
<div class='line'>just by calling on Your name.</div>
</div>
<div class='chorus'>
<div class='line'>Oh, Lord Jesus, dear Son, so glorious,</div>
<div class='line'>I'm cleansed and You enter into me.</div>
<div class='line'>Oh, Lord Jesus, Your name most precious!</div>
<div class='line'>Your Person, dear Lord, I now possess.</div>
</div>
<div style='height:40px'></div>
</body></html>
