<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=UTF-8"/>
<title>Hymn 2706</title>
<link href='../stylesheet.css' rel='stylesheet' type='text/css'/>
</head>
<body>
<div style='text-align:center'>
<a href='2705.xhtml' class='hidden_a'><b> &lt; </b></a>
<a href='../nav/nav_0000.xhtml' class='hidden_a'>
<b>2706</b>
</a>
 <a href='2707.xhtml' class='hidden_a'><b> &gt; </b></a>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>1</b> Lord, You were in the temple, teaching all the people</div>
<div class='line'>Of Yourself as the life.</div>
<div class='line'>Meanwhile I was elsewhere, committing</div>
<div class='line'>The biggest sin of my life.</div>
<div class='line'>The Pharisees they found me, dragged me through the street</div>
<div class='line'>There midst the people I sat.</div>
<div class='line'>Teacher, we found this woman committing adultery</div>
<div class='line'>We found her there in the act.</div>
</div>
<div class='chorus'>
<div class='line'>Great I Am, stooping down.</div>
<div class='line'>To the ground so low where I was found.</div>
<div class='line'>Where are they who say that you must die today?</div>
<div class='line'>Woman, go and sin no more.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>2</b> Down from the mountain You came;</div>
<div class='line'>I approached You in shame.</div>
<div class='line'>I'm a leper, You see.</div>
<div class='line'>Sin and rebellion's in me and I long to be free;</div>
<div class='line'>If You're willing, cleanse me.</div>
<div class='line'>My destiny is to die; can You help me survive?</div>
<div class='line'>Lord, I know that You can.</div>
<div class='line'>All others, Lord, run away, when they come see my face,</div>
<div class='line'>Helpless hopeless I am.</div>
</div>
<div class='chorus'>
<div class='line'>Stretching out Your hand unto me,</div>
<div class='line'>How my heart was warmed when You touched me</div>
<div class='line'>With compassion; moved with love I never knew.</div>
<div class='line'>By Your touch to me I'm healed.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>3</b> I down to Jericho went,</div>
<div class='line'>Met my robbers who stripped me and left me half dead.</div>
<div class='line'>The priests and Levites 'cause they also traveled my way,</div>
<div class='line'>Couldn't help me a bit.</div>
<div class='line'>But, Lord, You came to the earth, despised and slandered,</div>
<div class='line'>A Samaritan low.</div>
<div class='line'>With divinity there and humanity's care,</div>
<div class='line'>Tender and merciful.</div>
</div>
<div class='chorus'>
<div class='line'>Bound my wounds and poured in oil and wine.</div>
<div class='line'>Gave Your Spirit to me and life divine.</div>
<div class='line'>To the church brought me where care I could receive,</div>
<div class='line'>Jesus, You're my Savior true!</div>
</div>
<div style='height:40px'></div>
</body></html>
