<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=UTF-8"/>
<title>Hymn 2708</title>
<link href='../stylesheet.css' rel='stylesheet' type='text/css'/>
</head>
<body>
<div style='text-align:center'>
<a href='2707.xhtml' class='hidden_a'><b> &lt; </b></a>
<a href='../nav/nav_0000.xhtml' class='hidden_a'>
<b>2708</b>
</a>
 <a href='2709.xhtml' class='hidden_a'><b> &gt; </b></a>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>1</b> I always knew deep down in me</div>
<div class='line'>There was a longing to be free,</div>
<div class='line'>A kind of hunger deep inside-</div>
<div class='line'>To fill it up, I tried and tried.</div>
<div class='line'>There were a lot of things I had;</div>
<div class='line'>Some things were good,</div>
<div class='line'>Some things were bad.</div>
<div class='line'>But all those things of mine before</div>
<div class='line'>Don't satisfy me anymore.</div>
<div class='line'>Now life affords a real reward</div>
<div class='line'>Whenever I just call "O Lord!"</div>
<div class='line'>The Triune God the Spirit is,</div>
<div class='line'>And He can fill mine up with His.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>2</b> Thank You, Lord Jesus, for the wine</div>
<div class='line'>That I enjoy as life divine.</div>
<div class='line'>I thank You, Lord, for mercy all</div>
<div class='line'>That opened me to heed Your call.</div>
<div class='line'>O Lord, now make Your home my heart</div>
<div class='line'>And fully saturate each part.</div>
<div class='line'>O Lord, my words just can't express</div>
<div class='line'>The way You've filled my emptiness!</div>
<div class='line'>O Lord, I know that You will grow</div>
<div class='line'>And from my spirit overflow.</div>
<div class='line'>Lord, saturate me through and through-</div>
<div class='line'>O Lord Jesus, I love You.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>3</b> I always knew deep down in me</div>
<div class='line'>There was a longing to be free.</div>
<div class='line'>A kind of hunger deep inside-</div>
<div class='line'>But now it can be satisfied...</div>
<div class='line'>Christ in my heart-the only way</div>
<div class='line'>To spread within me day by day.</div>
<div class='line'>Lord Jesus!  Lord, I have to say</div>
<div class='line'>You're home in me and home to stay!</div>
<div class='line'>O Lord, I know now You will grow</div>
<div class='line'>And from my spirit overflow!</div>
<div class='line'>Now saturate me through and through!</div>
<div class='line'>O Lord Jesus, I love You!</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'>O Lord Jesus, I love You!</div>
<div class='line'>O Lord Jesus, I love You!</div>
</div>
<div style='height:40px'></div>
</body></html>
