<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=UTF-8"/>
<title>Hymn 2712</title>
<link href='../stylesheet.css' rel='stylesheet' type='text/css'/>
</head>
<body>
<div style='text-align:center'>
<a href='2711.xhtml' class='hidden_a'><b> &lt; </b></a>
<a href='../nav/nav_0000.xhtml' class='hidden_a'>
<b>2712</b>
</a>
 <a href='2713.xhtml' class='hidden_a'><b> &gt; </b></a>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>1</b> There's a gospel of today</div>
<div class='line'>That says believe and you'll be saved, and then</div>
<div class='line'>You can go to heaven and see the pearly gates</div>
<div class='line'>And walk the golden streets.</div>
<div class='line'>Words like these fail to treat</div>
<div class='line'>All the vanity  that is hidden in me.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>2</b> But the gospel is to me</div>
<div class='line'>The Triune God within humanity</div>
<div class='line'>As the Spirit reaching me to be in me</div>
<div class='line'>The one reality.</div>
<div class='line'>Love untold-Gospel Thee</div>
<div class='line'>Never getting old-story told eternally.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>3</b> Left the ninety-nine behind-</div>
<div class='line'>You searched until the lost sheep You did find.</div>
<div class='line'>Laid me on Your shoulders there, You bore me in</div>
<div class='line'>Your tender loving care.</div>
<div class='line'>Rejoicing-You found me,</div>
<div class='line'>Though a small lost sheep-You gave all to come find me.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>4</b> Sweeping in my deepest parts,</div>
<div class='line'>You lit a lamp and searched my inward heart,</div>
<div class='line'>Sanctifying deep within You shined in me,</div>
<div class='line'>Exposed me of my sin.</div>
<div class='line'>Repenting-now I see</div>
<div class='line'>Lord, You're sprinkling me with the blood You shed for me.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>5</b> Eagerly awaiting me</div>
<div class='line'>That I the slightest turn to Thee would make.</div>
<div class='line'>Though my life had been a wreck, You ran to me</div>
<div class='line'>And fell upon my neck.</div>
<div class='line'>Kissing me affectionately,</div>
<div class='line'>Killed the calf for me-"Let us eat and be merry."</div>
</div>
<div style='height:40px'></div>
</body></html>
