<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=UTF-8"/>
<title>Hymn 2713</title>
<link href='../stylesheet.css' rel='stylesheet' type='text/css'/>
</head>
<body>
<div style='text-align:center'>
<a href='2712.xhtml' class='hidden_a'><b> &lt; </b></a>
<a href='../nav/nav_0000.xhtml' class='hidden_a'>
<b>2713</b>
</a>
 <a href='2714.xhtml' class='hidden_a'><b> &gt; </b></a>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>1</b> Do you know what you were made for;</div>
<div class='line'>Do you ever wonder why?</div>
<div class='line'>What's the purpose for your being;</div>
<div class='line'>What's the reason you're alive?</div>
</div>
<div class='chorus'>
<div class='line'>Do you know God wants to your life?</div>
<div class='line'>He wants to be your life, He wants to be your life.</div>
<div class='line'>You were made with something deep within,</div>
<div class='line'>A vessel to contain just Him.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>2</b> Deep within you is your spirit,</div>
<div class='line'>Even deeper than your "heart";</div>
<div class='line'>Many other things can fill you-</div>
<div class='line'>Only Jesus can fill this part.</div>
</div>
<div class='chorus'>
<div class='line'>You have been so empty all these years;</div>
<div class='line'>In spite of all you've tried, you're still not satisfied.</div>
<div class='line'>Don't you feel a longing deep within</div>
<div class='line'>To open up and take Christ in?</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>3</b> Doesn't matter how you see things,</div>
<div class='line'>For in God's eyes "all have sinned";</div>
<div class='line'>Jesus shed His blood to cleanse you</div>
<div class='line'>For the purpose of getting in.</div>
</div>
<div class='chorus'>
<div class='line'>He's done everything there is to do,</div>
<div class='line'>And He's the Spirit now so He can get in you.</div>
<div class='line'>Makes no difference what your past has been;</div>
<div class='line'>The living Christ will still come in.</div>
</div>
<div class='stanza'>
<div class='line'><b>4</b> Just as you are in your body,</div>
<div class='line'>Perfectly contained therein,</div>
<div class='line'>God wants you for His container,</div>
<div class='line'>All you need to do is let Him in.</div>
</div>
<div class='chorus'>
<div class='line'>Would you open up from deep within</div>
<div class='line'>To let the Lord come in and fill you to the brim.</div>
<div class='line'>Why not open up from deep within</div>
<div class='line'>And call upon the name of Him.</div>
</div>
<div style='height:40px'></div>
</body></html>
